the physical properties of Bi4O4S3, the Tc onset and Tc zero are 8.6 K and 4.5 K at 0 T, respectively. The broadness of the transition is probably caused by an inhomogeneity of the local structure and/or career doping level. Next, we show the crystal structure obtained by Rietveld refinement of the powder x-ray diffraction (XRD) pattern and density functional theory (DFT) calculations. At first, by indexing the observed peaks except for small peaks of impurity phases of Bi2S3 and Bi, we obtained the I-centered tetragonal lattice with lattice parameters of a = 3.9592(1) and c = 41.241(1) Å. The extinction rule suggested that the I4/mmm and I-42m space groups were the candidates. By fitting the XRD pattern with only Bi atoms at the Bi1, Bi2 and Bi3 sites in Table 1, the reliability factor of Rwp = 26.5 % was obtained. Furthermore, by adding S atoms at the S1, S2 and S3 sites in Table 1 to the refinement, Rwp = 16.0 % was achieved. Since both models for these space groups are completely identical, we selected higher-symmetric I4/mmm. Because it is difficult to determine the O sites using only XRD data, we performed structural optimization using DFT calculations. Additionally, we have confirmed the structural stability using molecular dynamics simulation. The atomic positions of Bi and S, determined by the XRD pattern, were only stable when the SO4 ions occupied z = 0 and 0.5. By using the structural model, we performed Rietveld refinement. Figure 2a shows the XRD pattern of this sample and the result of Rietveld refinement (Rwp = 14.41 %). The obtained atomic parameters and the site occupancy are summarized in Table 1. As shown in Fig. 2b, the XRD pattern is well-fitted at high angle region. A schematic image of the final crystal structure is shown in Fig. 2c. The layered structure is composed of Bi2S4 layers, Bi2O2 layers and SO4. The fluorite-type Bi2O2 layer is one of the well-known layers in the I4/mmm or P4/nmm tetragonal layered structures. In fact, Bi2O2SO4 is a known compound. The rock-salt-type Bi2S4 layer structure has been found only in ReOBiS2 (Re = Ce, Gd and Dy) with the P4/nmm space group.19 Figure 2d is a schematic image of the Bi2S4 layer projected along the c axis. The Bi and S atoms form square lattices. When all the sites are fully occupied, the atomic composition should be Bi6O8S5, namely Bi6O4S4(SO4). If the occupancy of the SO4 site is 50 %, the composition is Bi4O4S3. Therefore, we speculate that there are defects at the SO4 site in our Bi4O4S3 superconducting sample, because defects of molecules or ions at the interlayer site are often observed in layered compounds. Finally, we discuss the band structure of the present material. It is found that Bi4O4S3 (x = 0.5) is metallic while Bi6O8S5 (x = 0) is band insulator with Bi3+. Figure 3 shows the band structure for x = 0.5 (Bi4O4S3) obtained using the Wien2k package adopting the lattice structure obtained as above.20 The Fermi level lies within the bands which mainly originate from the Bi 6p orbitals. In particular, the Fermi level is just on the peak position of the partial density of states of the Bi 6p orbital within the BiS2 layer. Focusing on the contribution from the BiS2 layer, it is found that the band structure near the Fermi level consists of px and py orbital contributions, which in itself have quasi-one-dimensional nature, but mixes around the R point to result in a two dimensional band structure. The width of these Bi p bands is about 3eV, which is comparable to the width of the 3d bands of the high-Tc cuprates or the iron-based superconductors, and this, along with the low dimensional nature of the band structure suggests that electron correlation effects may be playing some role in the occurrence of superconductivity. As reported here, superconductivity in the new layered superconductor Bi4O4S3 is realized within the BiS2 layers upon electron doping. By changing the spacer layers, we will be able to obtain various BiS2-based new superconductors. We believe that the BiS2-based family will open a new field in physics and chemistry for low-dimensional superconductors as have cuprate and Fe-based superconductors. Methods Polycrystalline samples of Bi4O4S3 were prepared using a conventional solid state reaction method. All the chemicals were purchased from Kojundo Chemical Lab. At first, Bi2S3 was prepared by reacting Bi (99.99% grain) and S (99.9% grain) in an evacuated quartz tube above 500 ºC. Starting materials of Bi2S3, Bi2O3 (99.9% powder) and S were ground, pelletized, sealed into an evacuated quartz tube and heated at 510 ºC for 10 h. The product was well-ground, pelletized and annealed at 510 ºC for 10 h in an evacuated quartz tube again. In the case that the Bi4O4S3 sample was heated above 550 ºC, SO2 gas was produced. If you try to synthesize this material, please be careful not to heat the sample sealed in an evacuated tube at high temperature to avoid explosion. Temperature dependence of magnetic susceptibility from 10 to 2 K after both zero-field cooling (ZFC) and fieled cooling (FC) was measured using a superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) magnetometer with an applied magnetic field of 9.3 Oe. Temperature dependence of resistivity from 300 to 2 K was measured using the four terminals method. The Tc onset was defined to be a temperature where the resistivity deviates from the linear-extrapolation of normal-state resistivity as shown in the inset of fig. 1b. X-ray diffraction (XRD) pattern was collected by RIGAKU x-ray diffractometer with Cu-K radiation using the 2- method. The diffraction peaks were indexed by the software X-Cell21 of Accelrys, Inc. The initial model of the crystal structure was derived from the software TOPAS of Bruker AXS, Inc. The structure was refined by the Rietveld-analysis program Materials Studio Reflex of Accelrys, Inc. Geometry optimizations were carried out using the density functional theory (DFT) methods with the program Materials Studio CASTEP22 of Accelrys, Inc. The GGA (generalized gradient approximation)-PBEsol (Perdew-Burke-Ernzerhof for solids) exchange-correlation functionals23 and ultrasoft pseudopotentials24 were employed. The energy cutoff for the plane-wave basis set was 380.0 eV. The Monkhorst-Pack grid separation25 was set to approximately 0.04 Å-1. The lattice parameters were set to the experimental values, and the atomic positions were optimized to minimize the total energy. The schematic images of the crystal structure were depicted using VESTA.26 Band structure of Bi4O4S3 shown in Fig.3 was calculated using the WIEN2k package.20 GGA-PBEsol exchange-correlation functional was adopted.23 512 k-points and RKmax = 7.0 were taken. The spin-orbit interaction was omitted.