polycrystalline Bi4O4S3 were obtained. The room-temperature crystal structure and lattice constants were determined by powder X-ray diffraction (XRD) (Philips X'pert PRO) with Cu Kα radiation. The electronic and thermal transport measurements were performed in a Quantum Design physical property measurement system (PPMS), and the magnetization measurement was performed on a superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) system. Figure 1 shows the XRD pattern for the Bi4O4S3 polycrystalline. The Bragg diffractions can be indexed using the tetragonal structure with the space group of I4/mmm. The lattice parameters are obtained by fitting the powder XRD pattern by using the Rietica software,11 and the obtained lattice constants a, b and c are a=b=0.3978nm, c= 4.107nm, respectively, which are in consistence with the reported results.9 Figure 2 shows the temperature dependence of the resistivity of the Bi4O4S3 polycrystalline measured by a standard four-probe method under a zero magnetic field. As seen from Fig. 2, the Bi4O4S3 has a metallic behavior in the normal state, and the magnitude of the resistivity is slightly less than that reported in Ref. 9 in the whole measurement temperature region. When the sample was cooled down to 5 K, the resistivity has an abrupt drop due to the occurrence of superconductivity. The inset of Fig. 2 shows the low temperature resistivity of Bi4O4S3 at different applied magnetic field (H). The superconducting transition temperature (Tc onset) and zero resistivity temperature (Tc0) of the sample are determined to be 4.5 K and 4.02 K at H=0T, respectively, and the superconducting transition width is determined to be 0.3 K according to 10-90% of the normal state resistivity, such a narrow width indicates the homogeneity of the sample. The Tc onset and Tc0 shift to lower temperatures with the increase of H. The superconductivity was also proved by the magnetic measurements shown in Fig. 3. The diamagnetism in the low-temperature region further confirms the existence of superconductivity, and the steep transition in the M (T) curve indicates that the sample is rather homogeneous. The superconducting diamagnetic transition begins at 4.02 K, defined by the onset point of the zero-field-cooling (ZFC) and field-cooling (FC) curves. It is consistent with the Tc0 obtained from the resistance measurement. The smaller magnetization value for FC is likely due to the complicated magnetic flux pinning effects.12 The value of -4πχ at 2 K is about 33%. The top inset of Fig. 3 shows the magnetization hysteresis loop of Bi4O4S3 at T=2K. The shape of the M (H) curve indicates that Bi4O4S3 is a typical type-II superconductor. The bottom inset of Fig. 3 shows the initial M (H) curves of the Bi4O4S3 in the low-field region at K, which allows us to estimate the lower critical field values (Hc1) at 2 K. At low fields, the M (H) isotherm is linear with H, as expected for a BCS type-II superconductor. The estimated Hc1 (2 K) value is about 7.4 Oe, defined by the point where the curve deviates from linearity (marked by the arrow in the inset of Fig.3). The thermal transport measurement results which are containing the Seebeck coefficient (S), electrical resistivity ρ, thermal conductivity κ are shown in Fig. 4. The k (T) shows a broad peak at around 25K. The origin is unknown at present. The S (T) is negative in the whole measurement temperature region, indicating the major carriers are electron-like. It is in agreement with the Hall measurement results.10 The S (T) is linearly dependent with temperature when T is less than 50K, above which the S (T) is less temperature dependent. It results in a broad slope change at ~ 100K. In the similar temperature region, a broad minimum in the Hall coefficient RH(T) was observed.10 It indicates the temperature dependence of S (T) is mainly governed by the evolution of charge carrier density with temperature. The efficiency of a thermoelectric material is determined by the dimensionless figure of merit, ZT (ZT=S2T/ρκ). Hence, a good thermoelectric material should have high S, low κ and ρ. The dimensionless figure of merit (ZT) for Bi4O4S3 is presented in Fig. 4(b). Due to low resistivity, and relatively small thermal conductivity, the ZT value of our sample at 300K reaches about 0.03. The ZT value at 300K is comparable to the Fe-based superconductors LaFePO1-xFx and LaFeAsO1-xFx,13 while larger than cuprates HgBaCaCuO (1223) and BiSrCaCuO (2212)14 by a few magnitudes. It is interesting to modify the S (T), κ (T) and ρ (T) to increase the ZT value so as to meet the requirements of practical applications, for instance, via chemical doping. In summary, polycrystalline samples of the new layered superconductor Bi4O4S3 are prepared by a one-step solid-state reaction method using Bi, S and Bi2O3 powders. The electronic and magnetic measurements show that the onset transition temperature and zero resistance transition temperature are Tc onset=4.5 K and Tc0=4.02 K, respectively. Our M (H) measurement indicates Bi4O4S3 is a typical type II-superconductor. The large thermoelectric effect with ZT=0.03 at room temperature, which may open a new scope for pursuing new thermoelectric materials with large ZT values.