we present a phase diagram based on our transport and magnetization measurement and give discussions on the possible mechanism of superconductivity. As shown in Fig. 5, the onset superconducting transition point giving rise to the upper critical field Hc2 deter- -2 2 6 10 14 3 5 T (K) H (T) H c2 (99% n ) H c (kink) H c2 (cross) H irr (5% n ) Residual Cooper Pairs FIG. 5: (color online) Phase diagram derived from the resistive transition curves. The onset transition point gives rise to the upper critical field Hc2 shown by the red filled circles, the bulk superconductivity is established in a very small area covered by the curve name Hirr(T) (blue down triangles). The large area between them indicates a strong superconducting phase fluctuation. The curve marked with Hc2 (cross) marks the upper critical field determined using the usual crossing point of the normal state background and the extrapolated line of the steep resistive transition part. The curve Hc (kink) shows the point determined from the kinky point of the resistive data shown in Fig. 1(d). mined by 99%ρn is shown by the red filled circles. The bulk superconductivity is established in a very small area covered by the irreversibility line Hirr(T) (blue down triangles). The large area between them indicates a strong superconducting phase fluctuation. This is actually consistent with the theoretical expectation because the electronic system has an one dimensional feature. The curve marked with H2c (cross) gives the upper critical field determined using the usual crossing point of the normal state background and the extrapolated line of the steep resistive transition part. The most puzzling point is the kink appearing in the ρ vs. T data at a high magnetic field. The curve marked with Hc(kink) shows the critical field determined from the kinky point of the resistive data shown in Fig. 1(d), by following the trace of the arrowed red line there. Since this line traces very well to the onset transition point marked by Hc2(99%ρn) in the low field region, we naturally attribute it to the existence of residual Cooper pairs. If this kink can be interpreted as the onset for the pairing, that would indicate a very strong pairing strength. In a simple BCS argument, we have Hc2 = (πΦ0)/2¯hv2 F )∆2 sc, where Φ0 is the flux quanta, vF is the Fermi velocity. Such a strong pairing needs certainly a reasonable cause, which exceeds the limit of the simple phonon mediated picture. Taking account of the weak correlation effect in the Bi 6p electrons, some other novel mechanism, such as the valence fluctuation of the Bi2+ and Bi3+, may play an important role in this new superconductor. In summary, resistivity, Hall effect and magnetization have been intensively investigated on the new superconductor Bi4O4S3. A weak insulating behavior is induced in the normal state when a high magnetic field is applied. This can be induced either by an adjacent competing order, or the very shallow px and py band and small Fermi energy. Both the strong non-linear Hall effect and the magnetoresistance indicate the multiband feature. A kink appears on the temperature dependence of resistivity at all high magnetic fields when the bulk superconductivity is completely suppressed. This kink can be well traced back to the upper critical field Hc2(T ) in the low field region. We argue that the superconducting pairing, for some reason, could be very strong and occur first in the one dimensional chains, then the bulk superconductivity is established through the Josephson coupling between them.