Here we discuss the requirements of the evolution of bulk superconductivity in LaO1-xFxBiS2. The F-concentration dependence of structural properties indicates that the O/F solubility limit seems to be near x = 0.5. A superconducting transition is observed for x (nominal) ≥ 0.5. However the shielding volume fraction in the magnetic susceptibility measurement is only 13.4 % for the best sample of x = 0.5 (AP2), which implies that the electron doping level is in the under-doped region of this system. Therefore, we performed the high pressure annealing to achieve further doping of F. Figure 5 shows the XRD profiles near the (102) and (004) peaks. The (004) peak slightly shifts to higher angles after high pressure annealing, indicating that the c axis decreases. This change indicates that the F concentration increased by the high pressure annealing. As described in 3-1, the x = 0.5 (AP2) sample contains small amount of BiF3 and LaF3. The F ions would be supplied from the impurity fluorides. With the fact that bulk superconductivity can be achieved by a slight increase of F concentration from x = 0.5, we guess the optimal doping level is slightly above x = 0.5. The estimated optimal doping level is comparable to that of Bi4O4S3. Therefore, we will be able to achieve bulk superconductivity in LaO1-xFxBiS2 by optimizing the carrier doping techniques or modifying the optimal doping level (band structure) by changing the spacer layer structures. In conclusion, we have discovered a new type of BiS2-based superconductor LaO1-xFxBiS2 with a Tc as high as 10.6 K. This superconductor has a layered structure analogous to the BiS2-based Bi4O4S3 superconductor, suggesting that the BiS2 layer is a basic structure which provides new layered superconducting family like CuO2 plane of cuprates and Fe2An2 layers of Fe-based family. Furthermore, we note that the spacer layer of LaOBiS2 is almost the same as that of LaOFeAs, which is the first FeAs-based system. Thus, we will be able to discover many BiS2-based superconductors on the basis of the analogy to FeAs-based compounds. We expect that the novel superconductors with the BiS2 superconducting layers will open a new field in physics and chemistry of low-dimensional superconductors.