In summary, we carried out magnetic susceptibility and electrical resistivity measurements as well as electron microprobe analysis on Bi4O4S3, which has recently been claimed to be a bulk superconductor (Tc = 4.5 K). Quality-improved polycrystalline Bi4O4S3 was successfully prepared by an HP method, and the lattice parameters and normal-state ρ, as well as the density of states at the Fermi level, were found to be comparable to those determined previously. The most notable discovery in this study was the impurity-driven SC (>1.6 K) in Bi4O4S3, which contradicted the results of ongoing studies of this compound. There are two possible reasons for the above-mentioned discrepancy: (i) common technical errors, including those related to the presence of a superconducting impurity, in ongoing studies. The impurity was found to show zero resistivity, even though its superconducting shielding fraction was smaller than 0.3%; (ii) slight local structure and chemical composition differences between the HP phase and the superconducting phase of Bi4O4S3, including a small variation of the S1-Bi2 bond in the BiS2 layer, as detected in this study. The concentrations of vacancies of the SO4 group in the layered structure of Bi4O4S3 might also vary upon HP heating. If the latter is true, the HP phase can be a host material for the superconducting phase. Although we cannot discuss the possible structure or composition variations of Bi4O4S3 in more detail because neutron diffraction studies are required, we conclude that the SC of the HP-prepared Bi4O4S3 is most likely impurity-driven. The relative sample scale to the λL hardly accounted for the negligible superconducting shielding fraction, as evidenced by the magnetic susceptibility measurements at a magnetic field of 1 Oe as well as of 10 Oe on a mm-size HP sample. Hence, the full shielding fraction reported in ongoing studies1-3) was possibly complicated by a superconducting link consisting of similar superconducting impurities throughout the grain boundaries and at the surface in a synthesized pellet as evidenced by marked decreases in the shielding fraction at a magnetic field of Oe (<< Hc1) even upon gentle grinding. Although the various forms of the superconducting link could play a fundamental role in the observed SC, it was highly challenging to identify the chemical composition and structure of the superconducting impurities because partially melted phases can be essential in the formation of the superconducting link (Bi melting point: 272 °C and S melting point: 115.2 °C). Although the Bi powder treated in the same heating procedure as the reference was not superconducting above 2 K, multiple phases were superconducting at the highest Tc of 8.2 K.10) Thus, neighbor materials in solid and amorphous forms should be carefully studied for relevance to the observed SC. In addition, the surface of the BiS2 layered phase might be altered under the presence of liquid phases during the heating process, resulting in the appearance of possible surface superconductivity. No matter which, the observed superconductivity did not truly reflect the bulk nature of the BiS2 layered phase, regardless of the manner in which the Bi4O4S3 compound is synthesized. Since the difficulty in identifying the superconducting impurities complicates ongoing studies, further experimental efforts toward measuring the degree of impact from impurities and possible altered particle surfaces on the observed SC would be needed to correctly characterize the BiS2 layered phase.