we suggest that the origin of the anharmonic ferroelectric mode could be due to mismatch between the optimum lattice parameters of the LaO and the BiS2 layers. If the Bi-S bond is forced to elongate due to interaction between LaO and BiS2 planes, then it is natural for the S atom to break the symmetry and move towards the Bi atom to optimize Bi-S interaction. In fact, repeating the phonon calculations for smaller lattice parameters (i. e. a=b=3.8, corresponding to 100 kbar pressure), we do not get negative phonon energies at the zone center any more. Hence, it seems that by changing the spacer oxide, one may tune the nature of the soft phonons and the ground state structure. Figure 4b shows the total energy in the √ 2× √ cell of the tetragonal structure for x = 0.5 as it is distorted by the most negative energy phonon mode at (π, π). Unlike the parent compound, the distortion lowers the system energy significantly, causing S atoms move away by 0.16 ˚A from the high symmetry site. Solving the Schrodinger equation for the resulting potential curve numerically, we obtained the energy levels which are bound to the FIG. 5: (color online) 1D Charge Denity Wave formation. The BiS2 plane in fully optimized CDW phase of LaO0.5F0.5BiS2. Large pink and small yellow spheres are Bi and S, respectively. Dashed red line is to guide the eye, indicating the sinusoidal distortion of the atoms. The white square indicates the 2 √ × √ unit cell of the CDW phase. Bottom panel shows the same structure with a Bi-S bond cutoffdistance of 2.8 ˚A. The one dimensional nature of the chains becomes apparent. The intra-chain Bi-S bond is about 2.75 ˚A while inter-chain Bi-S bond is around 3 ˚A (see Fig. S3). local minimum of the distortion. The blue-dashed line in Fig. 4b shows that the same distortion also occurs for the charged system without F-doping. Hence, the observed soft-mode is an intrinsic property of the BiS2 plane. We next checked whether the (π, π) phonon optimized √ × √ structure is stable at other q-vectors by repeating the phonon calculations using a 2 √ × 2 √ super-cell. We obtained more negative energy modes that correspond to the original instability at the (π/2, π/2) of the 4 × 4 × 1 tetragonal supercell calculations. Hence, we further distorted the 2 √ × 2 √ structure by the (π/2, π/2) negative energy phonon and let the system relax. We determined that the optimized structure has the √ × 2 √ unit cell with a rather interesting rearrangement of Bi and S atoms in the BiS2 plane, as shown in Fig. 5 and Fig. S4. We call this distorted structure as CDW phase, due to the sinusoidal distortion of the Bi and S atoms as shown by red dashed lines in Figure 5. Unlike the x = 0 case, applying pressure or using smaller lattice constants in the phonon calculations does not stabilize the negative energy phonons. Hence, it is tempting to conclude that the origin of this distortion is due to strong Fermi surface nesting at M[11, 12]. However, we note that the soft phonon branch occurs along the entire line Q = (q, q, 0) and not just at the M point. Hence, in addition to Fermi surface nesting, there should be an important structural reason as well for the observed soft modes. Finally, by looking at the bond distances between Bi-S, we notice that there are one-dimensional channels of Bi-S bonding as shown in Fig. 5. Interestingly, from Hall Effect measurements14 it was concluded that superconducting pairing occurs in one-dimensional chains in these systems, which could be related to the CDW phase predicted here. Similarly, high pressure measurements reveal non-monotonic dependence of Tc on pressure and suggest that the Fermi surface of LaOxF1-xBiS2 could be in the vicinity of instabilities[10]. Finally, the x-ray powder diffraction[6] for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 shows rather unusual broad peaks, which could be again related to the CDW phase. We next address the nature of superconductivity found in these BiS2 layered systems. We carried out el-ph coupling calculations using both (π, π) phonon optimized √ × √ and CDW structures. We consider 2 √ × 2 √ supercells, containing 80 atoms and obtain the el-ph coupling by the frozen-phonon method. The results are summarized in Figure 6. In both (π, π)-optimized or fully distorted CDW structures, the Eliashberg functions are quite similar, indicating that the main physics of the electron-phonon coupling mechanism does not depend on the details of the structure. In the (π, π)-phonon optimized structure, N(EF ) is higher than in the CDW phase, and therefore leads to higher el-ph coupling. The total electron-phonon coupling is λ = 0.83 with a logarithmic frequency average ωlog = 101K. These values give a maximum superconducting temperature of Tc = 8.5 K. Even in the fully distorted CDW phase, we get quite large electron-phonon coupling λ = 0.6 and a logarithmic frequency average ωlog = 122 K, which gives a Tc of 6 K. These values are in excellent agreement with the reported experimental values of Tc which vary from 3K to K, depending on the level of doping and sample quality. Inspecting the modes which give the highest el-ph coupling, we estimate that about 90% of λ comes from in-plane Bi and S phonons while the remaining 10% is due to phonons along the c-axis. There are two bands of phonons near (5 to 10) meV and (15 to 25) meV. The phonons in the lower energy band are due to coupled Bi and S motion while the phonons in the high energy bands are due to almost pure S oscillations. Animation of these modes can be found in Ref.24. In Figure 6, we also show the total phonon density of states along with the atomicprojections of the DOS. As expected based on the masses of atoms, O and F-based phonons are above 30 meV and do not producing much el-ph coupling. The La phonons are near 10 meV but, as expected, do not produce any significant el-ph coupling. In conclusion, we have discovered rather unusual structural and dynamical properties of LaOBiS2 with electron doping. The large-amplitude in-plane S-atom displacement controls the structural properties and gives rise to large el-ph coupling. It would be interesting to measure the isotope effect for the S atom, which may be uncon0.0 1.0 2.0 3.0 α 2F(ω),λ(ω) α 2F(ω) x α 2F(ω)/ω λ(ω) 0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 α 2F(ω),λ(ω) α 2F(ω) x α 2F(ω)/ω λ(ω) 10 30 50 Frequency (meV) 0.02 0.04 0.06 0.08 Phonon DOS La Bi S F O Total λ=0.6 ωlog=122 K TC= 6.2 K CDW phase λ=0.83 ωlog=101 K TC=8.5 K (π,π)-optimized phase FIG. 6: (color online) Eliashberg functions in partially optimized (top) and fully optimized CDW structure (middle). El-ph coupling constant λ, Tc, ωlog are also given. The total and atomic-projected phonon DOS are shown in the bottom panel. ventional. Our results also suggest that thin films of BiS2 on various substrates may exhibit unusual properties due to epitaxial strain at the interface. New materials with similar structures but with BiO2 plane could be quite interesting due to smaller mass of oxygen atom, which gives higher phonon energies, and in turn higher Tc. In fact, the results reported here remind us of another interesting system, namely Ba1-xKxBiO3[25], which exhibits several complicated structural phases[26] and superconductivity at 31 K[25]. It is too early to say which of these predictions from DFT calculations will be demonstrated experimentally. However it is clear that the BiS2 based layered systems are very rich in physics, involving nearly ferroelectric soft phonons and CDW ordering along with strongly coupled electron-phonon superconductivity.