let us discuss the Fermi surface for the superconducting LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 and the evolution of its topology depending on the doping level. For LaO0.5F0.5BiS2, the Fermi surface adopts a 2D-like topology (which is typical of layered SCs, reviews [1-7]) and comprises a set of disconnected cylinders extended along the kz direction, Fig. 1. Two of them are along the Г-Z direction, the other two are in the corners of the BZ (along the MA direction), and the rest two small cylinder-like sheets are on the lateral faces of the BZ (along the X-R direction). Next, in Fig. 5 we present a set of FSs for LaO1-xFxBiS2 across the doping level. We see that in all the cases the FSs retain the quasi-two-dimensional type, but their shapes change essentially depending on the band occupancy (doping level). So at an initial stage of doping (x=0.2), the FS contains only two electron-like sheets in the BZ lateral sides. With an increase in the band occupancy, the volume of the Fermi surface gradually increases, but the shape is retained (x=0.3). Visible reconstruction of the FS occurs for x ~ 0.4, when the disconnected sheets on the lateral sides of the BZ became merged, and new small sheets (along X-R) appear. At the highest doping level (x ≥ 0.5), the next stage of reconstruction occurs, when the FS adopts the form described earlier for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2. In summary, using first-principles calculations we examined the electronic band structure and the Fermi surface for the very recently discovered superconductor LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 in comparison with the parent band insulator LaOBiS2 and determined the key electronic factors promoting the superconducting transition for the fluorine-doped LaOBiS2 and the TC dependence on x for LaO1-xFxBiS2. According to our data, the main factors at fluorine doping are: (i) the increase of the charge transfer between adjacent blocks [LnO]→[BiS2] related to metallization of superconducting blocks [BiS2]; (ii) the dome-shaped dependence of Ntot(EF) on x related to the regulation of the values of TC, and (iii) the reconstruction of the 2D-like Fermi surface, which is related to the nesting effect.