Next we present a phase diagram based on the transport and STS measurements in Fig. 7 and give discussions on the possible mechanism of superconductivity. The SC transition point of critical field Hc(99%ρn) is shown by the red filled circles. The bulk superconductivity is established in a very small area covered by the irreversibility line Tirr (blue up-triangles). The large area between them indicates a strong SC phase fluctuation. This is actually consistent with the theoretical expectation because the electronic system has one dimensional feature(px and py). The bulk superconductivity is established between the one dimensional fluctuating superconducting chains. The curve marked with Honset c gives the upper critical 0 10 5 15 T (K) H (T) T f (STM) H k ink c2 or T k ink c2 H c (99% n ) or T c (99% n ) H onset c or T onset c T zero c or T irr (5% n ) Superconducting Fluctuation FIG. 7: (color online) Phase diagram derived from the resistive transition curves and the STS data. Semi-log plot is used to make the phase diagram more clear. The transition point judging from the 99% of the normal resistance gives rise to the upper critical field Hc2. The curve Hkink c2 shows the point determined from the kink point of the resistivity versus temperature which denotes the superconducting fluctuation property. Such fluctuation behavior with excess conductivity is proved by the STS data and extends to as high as 14 K at T. The dashed line is a guide for eyes. field determined using the usual crossing point of the normal state background and the extrapolated line of the steep resistive transition part. The most puzzling point is the kink appearing in the ρ vs. T data at a high magnetic field. The curve marked with Hkink c2 shows the critical field determined from the kinky point of the resistive data shown in Fig. 3(c), by following the trace of the arrowed red line there. We add the fluctuation temperature Tf from the tunnelling spectrum at zero magnetic field to the phase diagram, and get a wide fluctuation region at zero magnetic field. Since this line traces very well to the transition point marked by Hc(99%ρn) in the low field and high temperature region, we naturally attribute it to the existence of residual Cooper pairs. If this kink can be interpreted as the onset for the pairing, that would indicate a very strong pairing strength or gap, which can be inversely supported by the tunneling data. In a simple BCS picture, we have Hc2 = (πΦ0/2ℏ2v2 F)∆2, where Φ0 is the flux quanta, vF is the Fermi velocity. Such a strong pairing needs certainly a reasonable cause, which exceeds the limit of the simple phonon mediated pairing picture. By taking account of the weak correlation effect in the Bi 6p electrons, some other novel mechanism, such as the valence fluctuation of the Bi2+ and Bi3+, may play an important role in this new superconductor. IV. CONCLUSIONS In summary, we perform the resistive and scanning tunnelling spectroscopy measurements on the new BiS2 based superconductor Bi4O4S3. A weak insulating behavior is induced in the normal state when a high magnetic field is applied. This can be induced either by an adjacent competing order, or the very shallow px and py band and small Fermi energy. A kink appears on the temperature dependence of resistivity at all high magnetic fields when the bulk superconductivity is completely suppressed. This kink can be regarded as the presence of local pairing, or the upper critical field Hc2(T). The SC fluctuation region from the STS measurement extends to about 14 K although the bulk superconducting transition temperature is only about 3.7 K. The gapped feature near the Fermi energy can also extend to a high magnetic field ( 5 T), which is consistent with the resistive measurements, again indicating a strong superconducting fluctuation. From the tunnelling spectra, a mean superconducting gap of 3 meV is widely observed, which leads to a very high ratio of 2∆/kBTc ≈16.6, suggesting strong coupling superconductivity.