We have observed a striking enhancement of superconductivity accompanying the suppression of semiconducting behavior with pressure in the LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 compounds (Ln = La, Ce) at critical pressures of ∼1.1 GPa and ∼2.0 GPa for Ln = La and Ce, respectively. There is markedly similar behavior in the electrical resistivity measurements under applied pressure for these two BiS2-based superconductors LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 and CeO0.5F0.5BiS2. Electrical resistivity measurements reveal that for both compounds, the suppression of their semiconducting behavior is hysteretic upon application of pressure. The semiconducting behavior of the electrical resistivity is consistent with two energy gaps that are suppressed with pressure in a similar way. The pressure dependence of the electrical resistivity exhibits hysteresis below a critical pressure where there is a change in slope of log(ρ) vs. P and where the maximum value of Tc is observed. Furthermore, for both compounds, we have discovered a continuous and reversible transient region between regions of low and high Tc, which is characterized by a broadening of the superconducting transition; however, the mechanism behind the broadening of the superconducting transitions between the lower and higher Tc regions is unclear. The broadening could be a simple consequence of the sensitive pressure-dependence of Tc in this region, which, when coupled with even a modest pressure gradient, could result in broader measured superconducting transitions. Sample inhomogeneity might also be responsible for the distribution of transition pressures seen in the broadening region, and the possibility of pressure-induced structural phase transitions is currently being investigated with x-ray diffraction measurements under pressure. Given the striking similarity in behavior for these two BiS2-based superconductors, further electrical resistivity measurements under pressure on other compounds could point to characteristic behavior of BiS2-based superconductors in general. In experiments currently underway we have observed the same qualitative behavior for the NdO0.5F0.5BiS2 and PrO0.5F0.5BiS2 compounds as were observed in the the LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 and CeO0.5F0.5BiS2 compounds suggesting this is indeed a general phenomenon in the class of LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 compounds. Our results on the NdO0.5F0.5BiS2 compound may be compared to the recently reported study of NdO0.5F0.5BiS2 specimens prepared in a solid state reaction by Selvan et al.16 For the compounds with Ln = La, Ce and Pr, there is a dramatic decrease in the electrical resistivity with pressure that reflects a continuous suppression of semiconducting behavior. Although the temperature coefficient of the electrical resistivity, dρ/dT, at the highest pressures is small for these Ln = La, Ce and Pr compounds, the coefficient nevertheless remains negative (dρ/dT < 0), so that we cannot definitely conclude that the metallic state has been achieved. We have, however, been able to reach a metallic state for Ln = Nd, indicated by a positive temperature coefficient of resistivity (dρ/dT > 0), consistent with a semiconductor-metal transition. Experiments to pressures in excess of 3 GPa are currently under way to see if definitive metallic states (i. e., dρ/dT > 0) can be attained for the Ln = La, Ce, and Pr compounds.