1 3 2 6 10 T c (K) Pressure (GPa) LaO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS CeO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS PrO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS NdO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS (a) P t 1 0 4 8 LaO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS CeO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS PrO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS NdO 0.5 F 0.5 BiS P t (GPa) Ln in (Ln)O 0.5 F 0.5 BiS La Ce Pr Nd (b) La Ce Pr Nd Increase in T c (K) Figure 4: (colour online) (a) Tc vs pressure plotted for the four compounds LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = La, Ce, Pr, Nd). The black arrows emphasize the transition pressure Pt which is defined in the text. (b) Transition pressure Pt plotted as a function of Ln in LnO0.5F0.5BiS2. The inset displays the increase in Tc at Pt as a function of Ln. Dashed lines are guides to the eye. Both the temperature dependence of the electrical resistivity ρ and the evolution Enhancement of superconductivity in BiS2-based superconductors Table 1: Tc data for LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = La, Ce, Pr, Nd). Ln low Tc (K) max. Tc (K) increase in Tc (K) Pt (GPa) La 2.9 10.1 7.2 0.56 Ce 1.9 6.7 4.8 1.25 Pr 3.5 7.6 4.1 1.59 Nd 3.9 6.4 2.5 1.91 of Tc under applied pressure for the LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = Pr, Nd) samples reported in section 3 of this paper are markedly similar to the results we recently reported for the LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = La, Ce) compounds.[14] As shown in the phase diagrams displayed in Figure 4(a), each of the four compounds LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = La, Ce, Pr, Nd) exhibits an abrupt pressure-induced transition from a low Tc superconducting phase at lower pressure to a high Tc superconducting phase at higher pressure. In the four compounds, the pressure-induced transition observed in the superconducting state is coincident with changes in the suppression of the electrical resistivity ρ in the normal state. The rate of suppression of semiconducting behaviour (Figure 3(a)) and the rate of decrease in the energy gap ∆1 (Figure 3(b)) both saturate at pressures that correlate with the transition pressure into the high Tc superconducting phase. In the specific case of the NdO0.5F0.5BiS2 compound, a semiconductor-metal transition occurs at Pt. These changes in the normal state electrical resistivity indicate there may be significant increases in the charge carrier density during the rapid increase in Tc that occurs between the two superconducting phases.[17] The transition pressures Pt, indicated by the black arrows in the temperaturepressure phase diagrams of Figure 4(a), were defined as the pressure corresponding to the value of Tc at the midpoint between the values of Tc in the low and high Tc phases immediately preceding and following the transition. Pt is plotted as a function of lanthanide element (Ln = La, Ce, Pr, Nd) in LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 in Figure 4(b). There is a clear linear relationship between the increasing atomic number of Ln and an increase in Pt. The magnitude of the "jump" in Tc also scales with the atomic number of the Ln element in LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 as clearly shown in the inset of Figure 4(b). The pressureinduced increase in Tc decreases in magnitude as the atomic number of the lanthanide element increases. The lengths of the vertical bars in Figure 4(b) represent the respective pressure windows over which the transitions from the low Tc phase to the high Tc phase occurred in each of the four compounds. The pressure range over which the transition occurs also decreases with increasing atomic number of Ln in LnO0.5F0.5BiS2. Table 1 contains values of low Tc, maximum Tc, overall increase in Tc (max. Tc - low Tc), and transition pressure Pt, for each compound. The evolution of Tc with pressure in the low Tc phase has recently been reported for the LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = Pr, Nd) compounds in two studies by Selvan et al.[15, 16] Enhancement of superconductivity in BiS2-based superconductors For PrO0.5F0.5BiS2, they observed a gradual increase of Tc from 3.7 to 4.7 K with pressure up to ∼2.2 GPa.[16] For NdO0.5F0.5BiS2, they found a gradual evolution of Tc with pressure from 4.6 to 5.0 K up to a pressure of ∼1.3 GPa and then down from 5.0 to 4.8 K upon further application of pressure up to ∼1.8 GPa.[15] In both reports, however, there was no evidence of a transition characterized by a rapid increase in Tc. It is possible that slight variations in the chemical composition of the samples in their studies compared to those studied by us may be responsible for differences in the material's response to applied pressure. Furthermore, the pressure transmitting media used in this study (see section 2) and the transmitting fluid used in their studies [15, 16] may have different properties with regard to pressure gradients that can affect the measured pressure at which a transition occurs.[19] It is also possible that the pressures reached in their studies were lower than the pressure required to induce the transitions that we observed in this report. 5. Concluding remarks We have observed markedly similar behaviour in the temperature dependence of the normal state electrical resistivity and evolution of the superconducting critical temperature Tc under applied pressure for the two BiS2-based superconductors LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = Pr, Nd). The qualitative behaviour observed for the two compounds in this study is strikingly similar to the results we recently reported for the two BiS2-based superconductors LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = La, Ce).[14] In each of the four compounds LnO0.5F0.5BiS2 (Ln = La, Ce, Pr, Nd), there is a sizable enhancement of Tc in the superconducting state accompanying the suppression of semiconducting behaviour with pressure in the normal state. The suppression of the semiconducting behaviour in the normal state saturates at a critical pressure Pt which corresponds to the pressure where there is a transition between a low Tc superconducting phase and a high Tc superconducting phase. The semiconducting behaviour of the electrical resistivity in the normal state is consistent with an energy gap that is suppressed with pressure in a similar way. In the particular case of the NdO0.5F0.5BiS2 compound, there is a pressure-induced semiconductor-metal transition at Pt ≈2 GPa. The coincidence of the saturation of the suppression of semiconducting behaviour in the normal state electrical resistivity with the rapid increase in Tc indicates there may be significant increases in the charge carrier density in the vicinity of the pressureinduced transition. We found that the transition pressure Pt (see section 4) increases with increasing atomic number of the lanthanide element (Ln = La, Ce, Pr, Nd) in LnO0.5F0.5BiS2. However, the size of the increase in Tc between the two superconducting phases decreases as lanthanide atomic number increases. The scaling of both the transition pressure Pt and the size of the "jump" in Tc with the atomic number of the lanthanide element suggests that the pressure-induced transition between the two superconducting phases may be a structural transition; however, at present, the precise Enhancement of superconductivity in BiS2-based superconductors mechanism driving the enhancement of Tc with pressure is unknown. X-ray diffraction experiments under pressure on the LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 compound are currently underway to help determine whether the pressure-induced enhancement of Tc and the suppression of semiconducting behaviour are related to a structural transition.