we have T H ab c ) ( = and T H c c.0 ) ( =. This huge anisotropy has only been observed in the cuprate Bi-2212 and Bi-2223 systems. Josephson vortices are certainly expected in this new BiS2-based superconducting systems. There is an uncertainty in determining the anisotropy in above process because (1) the upper critical field is dependent on the criterion of the resistivity and (2) the curve ) (, T H c ab c has a curvature near Tc which prohibits to have a precise determination of the ratio ] /) ( /[ ] /) ( [ 2 dT T dH dT T dH c c ab c = γ. There is actually an alternative way to determine the anisotropy, especially for one fixed temperature. According to the anisotropic Ginzburg-Landau theory, the resistivity in the mixed state depends on the effective filed ) ( / θ GL c H H with θ the angle enclosed between c-axis and the field direction. The effective upper critical field ) ( θ GL c H at an angle θ is given by ) ( sin ) ( cos / ) ( 2 2 θ γ θ θ - + = c c GL c H H. (1) Therefore by using a scaling variable ) ( sin ) ( cos ) ( / 2 2 θ γ θ θ - + = H H H GL c, the resistivity measured at different magnetic fields but at a fixed temperature should be scalable to one curve21. In Fig.3a, b and c, we show the angle dependence of the in-plane resistivity at 3, 3.5 and 4 K. Now the measuring current is flowing along a-axis, the magnetic field is always perpendicular to the current direction. Fig.3d presents the scaling behavior according to above mentioned method. One can see that the scaling quality looks quite good for all three temperatures 3, 3.5 and 4 K, yielding the anisotropy of 36, 31 and 30 respectively. Therefore we can safely conclude that the anisotropy of this new superconducting system is about 30-45. Another interesting discovery on the single crystals is the giant superconducting fluctuation effect. In Fig.2a, if we extrapolate the resistivity curve between 20-30 K linearly down to low temperatures, one can see an enhanced excess conductivity clearly above Tc. To illustrate this, in inset of Fig.2b, we present the difference of the resistivity between the measured data (ρ=1/σ) and the extrapolated linear line (ρn=1/σn) n n n σσ σ σ σ ρ ρ ρ / / / ∆ = - ∆ ＝ － ＝, with σ, σn and ∆σ the measured, extrapolated and the excess conductivity, respectively. It is clear that the resistivity difference vanishes at about K. In Fig.2c, we show the resistivity curve on another sample, it is clear that the superconducting fluctuating region extends up to about 20 K, as marked by * T. In order to check whether we really have a strong superconducting fluctuation, we measured the in-plane resistivity with a rotating in-plane magnetic field. The measuring current is along a- (or b-) axis, and the sample is rotated with an in-plane magnetic field. The angle enclosed between the current direction and the magnetic field is φ. When φ=0=π, the Lorenz force on the vortices is zero and thus the dissipation is the minimum, while it becomes maximum with φ=π/2=3π/2. Interestingly the same two fold oscillations appear from 4 K all the way up to 10 K. At 4K, we have strong reason to believe that the vortex motion dominates the dissipation. From the systematic evolution from 4 K to 10 K, we think that the 2-fold resistivity oscillation is still induced by the vortex motion, even at 10 K. This leads to the conclusion that the superconducting fluctuation exists at least up to 10 K from the angle dependent resistive data, although the bulk transition occurs at Tc = 5K. In order to further unravel the superconductivity in the sample, we have measured the scanning tunneling spectroscopy (STS) on the single crystals. The measurements were done with a commercial instrument Unisoku-11T with ultra-high vacuum system. The single crystals were cleaved under an ultra-high vacuum then followed by the measurements at a low temperature down to 0.4 K. The details of the measurements and results are given in Methods. One typical set of data measured at temperatures from 0.4 to 26 K is shown in Fig.5a. One can see that, the data measured at low temperatures exhibit clearly two sets of energy gaps, one small gap 3.0 5.3 ± ≈ ∆s meV and a larger gap 5.7 ± ≈ ∆s meV. The small gap is marked by the dashed red line in Fig.5b. Interestingly, at the bias voltage of the small gap, two coherence peaks appear at about 3.5 meV and gradually disappear at about 6 K. Therefore we can conclude that this small gap seems corresponding to the bulk superconducting transition at around 5 K. This feature can be easily observed in the STS with the data normalized by that at 8 K and shown in Fig.5c. As shown in Fig.5b, the larger gap, however, shows up as the energy features at about 7.5±1 meV at low temperatures, and as a suppression to the deferential conductance (dI/dV) or the quasiparticle density of states (DOS) at temperatures above 8 K. This feature can extend to high temperatures and gradually vanishes at about 26 K. One can naturally connect this larger gap to the giant superconducting fluctuations in the resistive measurements. In the resistive data shown in Fig.2a, one can see that the normal state reveals a semiconducting behavior when superconductivity is completely suppressed. Similar phenomenon was observed and emphasized in the polycrystalline CeO1-xFxBiS2 samples previously5,6. This is anti-intuitive to the BCS picture, since a metallic state should be recovered in the normal state. One may argue that this semiconducting behavior is induced by the localization effect of electrons in the low dimensional system as derived from the band structure calculations22,23. This scheme is however also not workable here. For a low dimensional system, impurities may induce a semiconducting behavior due to the localization effect, the magnetic field will weaken this localization effect and the semiconducting feature. While our observation is that, when the superconductivity is suppressed, the semiconducting feature above Tc shows up. In addition, the magnetic field seems enhancing this semiconducting effect in a certain field region. Another possibility is the possible Kondo-like scattering which will induce a semiconducting behavior. This explanation can also be excluded because we don't have this type of strong magnetic impurities in the samples. In addition, the weakening effect of the semiconducting behavior by the magnetic field in a Kondo system is not observed here. For this low dimensional system, there is however a tendency for the charge-density-wave (CDW). When the superconductivity is suppressed, the CDW tendency will be promoted and lead to a semiconducting feature. While the interesting point is that, the "normal state" here above Tc ≈ 4.83 K at zero field seems not showing even a weak or negligible semiconducting effect. If it were induced by the CDW tendency, it would show out above Tc even the field is zero. Therefore this semiconducting feature of the normal state under a magnetic field is non-trivial and requires further input. From the STS measurements we observed two gap features at different energies. The smaller gap 2.0 5.3 ± ≈ ∆s meV is corresponding to the bulk superconducting transition at about 5 K. Taking Tc = 4.83 K, the ratio c B s T k / 1∆ = 16.8! This is much larger than the theoretical value 3.5 in the weak coupling limit of the BCS model. If we use the upper boundary of the superconducting fluctuation temperature, for example 20 K as the pairing temperature, we have c B s T k / 1∆ =4.06, which is not far from the BCS value 3.5. This probably suggests that the superconducting pairing occurs at a high temperature (for example K). Because of the very low dimensionality, the superconducting fluctuation is very strong, and the bulk transition at about 5 K is actually corresponding to the phase coherence temperature. This gives strong resemblance to the case in cuprate superconductors. Following this line, the gap feature at 5.7 ± ≈ ∆s meV may be a pseudogap, which may be induced by the tendency of the CDW order, or by the local pairing governed by the valence fluctuation effect of the Bi2+ and Bi3+ ionic states24. If the latter mechanism is proved, this interesting BiS2-based superconductor will provide us a new platform for the novel pairing mechanism of the valence fluctuation. The recent theoretical calculations suggest a significant band splitting due to the spin-orbital coupling effect in the BiS2 based superconductors23. In this case, one can expect a mixture of the spin singlet and spin triplet25 in the system. The clear violation of the predictions of the BCS picture for conventional superconductors observed in this work, i. e., the giant superconducting fluctuation, the huge gap feature and the unexpected semiconducting behavior after the superconductivity is suppressed, will certainly stimulate the enthusiasm of research in this newly discovered superconducting system, especially on single crystal samples26.. Methods I. Sample growth The single crystals were grown by flux method using KCl/LiCl (molar ratio KCl: LiCl =: 2) as the flux. Firstly, the polycrystalline samples were grown by a solid-state reaction. In growing the polycrystalline samples, the starting materials Nd grains (purity 99.9%), NdF3 (purity 99.9%), Nd2O3 (purity 99.9%), Bi2S3 (purity 99.9%) and S (purity 99.9%) were mixed in stoichiometry as the formula NdOxF1-xBiS2. Then we pressed the mixture into a pellet shape and sealed it in an evacuated quartz tube. It was heated up to 750°C for 10 hour. The resultant pellet was smashed and grounded together with KCl/LiCl powder of molar ratio (KCl/LiCl: NdO1-xFxBiS2 = 25: 1) and sealed in an evacuated quartz tube. The mixed powder was heated up to 750°C for 5 days followed by cooling down at a rate of 5°C /hour to 450°C. After the samples was cooled to room temperature by shutting off the power of the furnace, we used water to dissolve the flux and got single crystals with lateral sizes of about 1 mm and thickness of about 10-100 µm. II. STM measurements The scanning tunneling spectra (STS) were measured with an ultra-high vacuum, low-temperature, and high-magnetic-field scanning probe microscope USM-1300 (Unisoku Co., Ltd.). The samples were cleaved at room-temperature in ultra-high vacuum with a base pressure about 1×10-9 torr. The cleaved surfaces were always flat and shiny, and the atomically resolved image can be obtained sometimes. However the surfaces were unstable and the spectra showed a semiconductor behavior. This may be originated from the polar BiS top surface after the cleavage. The cleaved surfaces were then cleaned by argon iron bombardment with an acceleration voltage of 1500 V to get a more stable surface. We can obtain the superconducting spectra on such surface after the treatment. In all STM/STS measurements, Pt/Ir tips were used. To lower down the noise of the differential conductance spectra, a lock-in technique with an ac modulation of 1 mV at 987.5 Hz was used.