In this section, we will discuss the interesting points of CeO1-xFxBiS2. We found that ferromagnetism and superconductivity simultaneously develop with systematic F doping. In particular, two ferromagnetic phases with respective transition temperatures of 4.5 K and 7.5 K were induced with increasing F concentration. This result indicates that carriers generated by F doping are provided to, not only the superconducting BiS2 layers, but also the blocking CeO layers. Thus, we suggest that the observed two ferromagnetic phases are a result of the change in the valence of the Ce ion with changing the F concentration. We found that bulk superconductivity of CeO1-xFxBiS2 could be induced with x ≥ 0.6 in the HP samples. Interestingly, the F concentration where bulk superconductivity appears corresponds to the F concentration where ferromagnetism with a transition temperature of 7.5 K. In this regard, we assume that superconductivity and ferromagnetism are linked to each other in the CeO1-xFxBiS2. In fact, the region with F concentration level of x ≥ 0.7 corresponds with the F concentration where the XRD peaks show the obvious change from the tetragonal phase with lower F concentration. Above x = 0.7, the crystal structure is possibly optimized for the appearance of both ferromagnetism and bulk superconductivity due to high F concentration. In order to reveal this simultaneous development of ferromagnetism and bulk superconductivity, it is quite important to carry out crystal structure analysis and measurements sensitive to the magnetic ordering and the valence state of the Ce ion using single crystals of CeO1-xFxBiS2. Conclusion We found that the coexistence of bulk superconductivity and ferromagnetism can be realized in the BiS2-based superconductor CeO1-xFxBiS2 prepared by high-pressure annealing. In the as-grown samples, weak superconductivity phase and two kinds of ferromagnetic orderings with transition temperatures of 4.5 K and 7.5 K are induced through the continuous substitution of F. This result indicates that carriers generated by the F substitution contribute to both the superconducting and blocking layers. Furthermore, we found that Tc can be increased from 3 K to 8 K by high-pressure annealing at x = 0.7 and 0.9. These samples show strong diamagnetism while keeping the ferromagnetic ordering. Therefore, bulk superconductivity and ferromagnetism intrinsically coexist in CeO1-xFxBiS2 prepared with high-pressure annealing. The enhancement of Tc is achieved around x = 0.7, where the higher temperature ferromagnetic phase (7.5 K) becomes dominant. This fact implies that the appearance of the higher Tc is linked to the evolution of ferromagnetism with the higher magnetic transition temperature of 7.5 K. The CeO1-xFxBiS2 system is a potential system for discussing the correlation between superconductivity and ferromagnetism, and for further applications in superconductivity.