we discuss the thermoelectric performance of the LaOBiS2-xSex system. In order to calculate the dimensionless figure-of-merit (ZT), we have measured thermal conductivity for the end members (x = 0 and 1.0). Figure 3(a) shows the temperature dependences of thermal conductivity for x = 0 and 1.0. It is found that the thermal conductivity for LaOBiS2-xSex is almost independent of temperature. Furthermore, the obtained values of thermal conductivity are almost the same for LaOBiS2 and LaOBiSSe, indicating that the partial substitution of S by Se does not affect the thermal conductivity in this system. In general, electronic thermal conductivity increases with enhancing metallic characteristics. On another front, the phonon thermal conductivity could decrease by substituting the chalcogen site in LaOBiS2-xSex due to introduction of the randomness. Hence, it is considered that the total thermal conductivity does not change with increasing Se concentration because of the compensation of the changes in the electron thermal conductivity and the phonon thermal conductivity. Therefore, we use a typical (average) value of 2 W/m·K, which is the value estimated at room temperature for LaOBiS2 and LaOBiSSe, to estimate ZT. This  value is consistent with that reported in the previous study on low-temperature thermal properties of LaOBiS2 [19]. The temperature dependences of dimensionless figure-of-merit (ZT) for LaOBiS2-xSex are plotted in Fig. 3(b). For all the samples, the value of ZT tends to increase with increasing temperature, and it reaches a maximum value at around 470 ºC, which is the measurement limit of the present work. This fact indicates that the LaOBiS2-xSex system is a potential thermoelectric material for the use at high temperatures. The highest value of ZT is 0.17 for x = 0.8 (LaOBiS1.2Se0.8) at 470 ºC. To further increase the thermoelectric performance in this family, precise tuning of carrier concentration and/or local crystal structure are needed. In this family, partial substitutions at the blocking layer can tune both the carrier concentration within the conduction layers and the local structure that largely affects the physical properties [6, 17, 20]. Therefore, a strategy to enhance the thermoelectric performance of this system will be tuning of the structure of the blocking layer. In conclusion, we have synthesized polycrystalline samples of novel layered bismuth chalcogenides LaOBiS2-xSex and systematically investigated thermoelectric properties. It was found that a partial substitution of S by Se enhanced metallic conductivity. The power factor largely increased with increasing Se concentration. The highest power factor was 4.5 W/cmK2 at around 470 ºC for LaOBiS1.2Se0.8. We found that the thermal conductivity for LaOBiS2-xSex is independent of both temperature and Se concentration. Using an average value of thermal conductivity, 2 W/m·K, we calculated the dimensionless figure-of-merit (ZT) as a function of temperature. The highest ZT was 0.17 at around 470 ºC in LaOBiS1.2Se0.8. Optimization of the carrier concentration and/or the local structure will further enhance the thermoelectric performance of the layered bismuth chalcogenides.