Let us first discuss the issue of Eu MV. As we know, europium is a special rare earth element that frequently shows MV due to the stability of half filling of 4 f orbitals for divalent Eu2+ ions (usually trivalent rare earth is the stable state). Basically, there are two distinct categories for the Eu MV according to its dynamicity. The first MV scenario is homogeneous, in the sense that the mixed-valent Eu ions are indistinguishable in a short time (e. g., 10-9 s). This MV behavior is characterized by valence fluctuations due to hybridization between Eu-4 f electrons with the conduction electrons, as exemplified by EuNi2P2.49 Obviously, it occurs only in a material that all the Eu ions occupy the crystallographically equivalent sites. In contrast, if the Eu ions with different valences selectively occupy the different crystallographic sites, the MV will be static in nature. Such a scenario is called inhomogeneous MV, which is equivalent to static charge ordering. Examples of this category are shown in Eu2CuS3,39 Eu2SiN3,50 and Eu3F4S2,51 etc., where Eu2+ and Eu3+ occupy their individual sites. Note that, in the homogeneous Eu-MV state, vEu usually increases remarkably with decreasing temperature, because of dominant thermal fluctuations (rather than quantum mixing) between the two integer-valence states.52 More frequently, a first-order structural transition occurs accompanying with an abrupt change in vEu. In such cases, the MV becomes inhomogeneous at low temperatures because of static or quasi-static character of MV, as evidenced by two separate lines in the 151Eu Mössbauer spectra.53,54 Compared with the conventional scenarios for Eu MV described above, the Eu-containing bismuth chalcogenides, including Eu-1121 and Eu-3244, exhibit unusual MV behaviors. The Eu valence in Eu-1121 was found to be nearly temperature-independent down to 2 K.22 This has been interpreted by Eu valence fluctuations that couple with the dynamic CDW in the BiS2 bilayers. However, the situation is different here for Eu-3244. There are two crystallographically different sites for the Eu ions. Unlike the aforementioned examples that different Eu sites are occupied by Eu2+ and Eu3+, respectively, the Eu(2) ions at the 2a site are in a MV state, while the 4e-site Eu(1) ions are essentially divalent. Our 151Eu Mössbauer spectra clearly show static or quasi-static MV up to 395 K, and the Eu3+ ions occupy the Eu(2) site. Since the Eu-4 f 7 narrow band touches the Fermi level of the conduction band in Eu-1121,22 it is plausible that, because of stronger crystal field for Eu(2), the Eu(2)-4 f 7 band is lifted further in Eu-3244. Consequently, the Eu(2) ions are in a MV state, driven by the electrons transfer from an Eu(2)-4 f orbital to the conduction bands. On the other hand, the Eu(1)-4 f 7 band is lowered due to the relatively weak crystal field [note that the Eu(1)-BVS value is substantially smaller than the Eu-BVS in Eu-1121]. This leads to a fully filled Eu(1)-4 f 7 band, i. e., the Eu(1) ions are divalent. Future band-structure calculations are expected to clarify this explanation. Owing to the Eu(2) MV with vEu2 ≈2.6(1), the conduction bands of BiS2 bilayers should be self doped with the transferred electrons from the Eu-4 f states, similar to the case in Eu-1121.22 The doping level is estimated to be x ∼0.30(5) electrons per Bi-atom, assuming that stoichiometry is conserved. This explains the appearance of superconductivity as well as the metallic conduction in the undoped Eu-3244. Here we note that similar self doping, via an internal charge transfer from 3d transition metal ions (V and Ti), leads to high-temperature superconductivity in iron-based materials.9,10 Thus, the direction of self doping deserves further attention. It is unexpected that no signature of CDW transition appears in Eu-3244. In general, the enhanced 2D characteristic in Eu-3244 would further stabilize the potential CDW. Therefore, the obvious difference in Eu MV could be relevant. In Eu-3244, the Eu(2) MV occurs in the middle layers of the Eu3F4 block, farther from the BiS2 bilayers. In addition, the Eu(2) ions show much higher valence, leading to a different pattern of charge ordering. These two factors seem to be against the possible coupling between the CDW of BiS2 layers and the Eu MV. Since CDW usually competes with superconductivity, the absence of CDW in Eu-3244 may explain the relatively high Tc value (fivefold of the Tc value in Eu-1121). It is also possible, of course, that the pronounced two dimensionality in Eu-3244 may enhance the superconductivity. Considering the relatively low doping level, one may expect that a higher Tc could be realized by extrinsic chemical doping and/or with applying high pressures. The latter is very expectable since high pressure was found to be very effective to enhance the Tc value in BiS-based materials,55-58 and high pressure may push the parent compound toward metallic conduction.59 Also, in this regard, exploration of new superconductors with the 3244-type structure is of potential interest. Conclusion We have discovered a novel europium bismuth sulfofluoride superconductor, Eu3Bi2S4F4, via a structural-design approach by introducing an additional EuF2 layer into the existing Eu2F2 spacer layers in EuBiS2F. The crystal structure, featured with the existence of two crystallographically distinct europium sites, was determined by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy as well as X-ray diffractions. We investigated the Eu valence state by: (1) structural probing with calculation of Eu-BVS; (2) internal and local probing with 151Eu Mössbauer spectroscopy; and (3) bulk probing with analysis of magnetic properties. The results of these three probes consistently point to an anomalous Eu valence state in which the Eu(1)-site cations are essentially divalent, whilst the Eu(2)-site cations are in a mixed valence state with a valence of ∼+2.6(1). The mixed valence allows charge transfer, which realizes electron doping into the conduction bands that are mainly composed of Bi- 6px and 6py orbitals. That is why we observed metallic conduction and superconductivity in the undoped Eu3Bi2S4F4. Our work could inspire further exploration of new superconductors, especially those with self doping, in BiS2-based and other families.