Motivated by recent experiments in superconducting members of the BiS2 family of compounds showing its 'hidden' 1d electronic structure and the strong effect that pressure has over its superconducting state, we propose an effective 1d model where the kinetic energy part of the Hamiltonian is obtained through DFT calculations for the 2d model for BiS2. Supported by the DOS results shown in Fig. 2, we add the Sulfur p- and s-orbital to the p-orbital of Bismuth. Despite being several eV below the other two orbitals, the s-orbital undergoes strong hybridization with the Bismuth p-orbital and has a sizable contribution to the DOS at the Fermi energy, justifying its inclusion in the model (see Figs. 1 and 2). Pair scattering terms are then added and treated at the mean-field level. We solve the gap equations and systematically probe what combination of pair-scattering terms produce results in qualitative agreement with the experiments, i. e., approximate location of the superconducting phase in a T vs. doping phase diagram, realistic coupling constant values, and dependence with hopping parameters (simulating application of hydrostatic pressure). We find that single-gap SC does not produce acceptable results. This is quite relevant, as there is experimental evidence that BiS2 presents two gaps27. We find that if we consider s- and pb-type pairs, and allow for intra and interband scattering we obtain results in semi-quantitative agreement with experiments. The same is true if we choose pa- and pb-type pairs, and also allow for intra and interband scattering. The interesting point here is that the tsp hopping is the one that, in both cases, enhances SC when its magnitude in5 creases, whereas the effect on ∆of increasing tpp is marginal. This last point reinforces the need for considering the Sulfur s orbital explicitly. We argue that the anti-symmetric character of the tsp hopping (as stressed in previous work by one of the authors23) may explain its enhanced effect in the superconducting state.