the absence of any kind of nodes in the gap function of NdO0.71F0.29BiS2. In typical s-wave superconductors, such as Nb, κ(H)/T increases steeply only in the vicinity of upper critical field22. Therefore the increase of κ0(H)/T above H∗ well below Hc2 suggests large modulation of the superconducting gap along the 2D Fermi surface. Finally we discuss the mechanism of the superconductivity in NdO0.71F0.29BiS2. As shown in Fig. 1(b), no discernible anomaly is observed in κ/T at Tc. In the superconductors with strong electron correlation effect, including cuprates23, iron-pnictides24 and heavy fermions25-27, the striking enhancement of the thermal conductivity just below Tc is often observed. This enhancement is caused by the strong suppression of the quasiparticle inelastic scattering rate due to the formation of superconducting gap, which overcomes reduction of the quasiparticle density of states. Therefore the electron correlation effect in the present compound is not strong. Moreover, when electron-phonon coupling is strong, the enhancement of the thermal conductivity below Tc is also often observed by the enhancement of the phonon mean free path due to the gap formation. Thus electron-phonon coupling is also not strong. Until now, several superconducting gap structures, including conventional s-, sign-reversing s-, spin triplet p-, and d-wave symmetries have been proposed theoretically for the BiS2-based superconductors 7-12. Since there is no hole pocket around the Γ-point as shown in the inset of Fig. 1(b), we do not discuss sign-reversing s-wave symmetry. Among d-wave symmetries, we can rule out d-wave with accidental nodes proposed in Ref.[7] and dxy symmetry. The remaining possibilities of the unconventional symmetries are p and dx2-y2, which has no node in the present Fermi surface. However, these unconventional superconductivity is unlikely because of the following reason. The in-plane mean free path ℓis comparable to the in-plane coherence length ξab = p Φ0/(2πHc c2) = 18 nm. In fact, ℓis estimated to be ∼30 -50 nm by using the relation ℓ= (µ0λ(0)2vF)/ρ0, where Fermi velocity vF is reported to be vF = 0.95 × 106 m/s by angle resolved photo emission spectroscopy28 and ρ0=500∼800µΩcm of this study and the previous reports14,19. This robustness of the superconductivity against the impurity appears to be at odds with the unconventional pairing symmetries. These considerations lead us to conclude that NdO0.71F0.29BiS2 is likely to be a conventional s-wave superconductor. In summary, to clarify the superconducting gap structure of NdO0.71F0.29BiS2, we performed thermal conductivity measurements down to 100 mK. Thermal conductivity shows no discernible anomaly at Tc, suggesting that both of the electron correlation and electron-phonon coupling effects are not strong. The absence of residual thermal conductivity indicates that a residual normal fluid, which is expected for nodal superconductors with impurities, is absent. The magnetic field hardly affects the thermal conductivity up to ∼0.2Hc c2, indicating the absence of Doppler shifted quasiparticles. These results provide evidence that NdO0.71F0.29BiS2 is a fully gapped superconductor. Notably, the estimated mean free path is comparable to the superconducting coherence length, indicating that the superconductivity is robust against impurity. Based on these results, we conclude a conventional s-wave superconducting state in NdO0.71F0.29BiS2. This puts a strong constraint on the theory of the superconductivity of BiS2-based layered compound, whose electronic and crystal structures bear some resemblance to Fe-based superconductors.