AND SOME PREDICTIONS What is novel in our work is the organization of a dilute fermi sea in a band insulator, into states containing certain diagonal valence bonds (charge -2e Cooper pairs). These states range from Cooper pair Wigner crystal to weakly coupled array of 1d Mott-Hubbard chains. The family of states we have suggested could support isotropic as well as anisotropic 2d Kosterlitz-Thouless superconductivity. It is likely both occur in different members of the BiS2 family for different range of parameters. Self organization we have suggested, interestingly, makes onsite coulomb repulsion important, while trying to avoid near neighbor coulomb repulsions. It is a delicate interplay between onsite interaction and residual long range coulomb interactions, that leads to doped Mott physics and superconductivity. In the Cooper pair Wigner crystal phase we have proposed, a disorder free LaO0,5F0.5BiS2 is likely to be an insulator. In an ideal situation deviation away from x = 0.5 will act like a doping parameter. Disorder could quantum melt and create superconductivity even for x = 0.5. It will be interesting to see if the superconducting dome, currently observed around x = 0.5, develops a dip around x = 0.5 in superconducting Tc as a function of x, with decrease in disorder. Diagonal valence bond singlets Bi-S-Bi play a fundamental role in our theory. Topological defects in the generalized Wigner crystal may contain a finite density of unpaired spins (spinons) through broken diagonal valence bonds. This may lead to low temperature Curie contribution to spin susceptibility. In the present paper we have only focussed on certain simple energy minimizing generalized Wigner crystal states. A closer look suggests that a variety of ordering of diagonal singlets, with closeby energies are possible. One also expects glass like organization of the diagonal singlets for some range of parameters, leading to interesting electron pair glass or valence bond glass phases. As we indicated earlier, in the Mott-Hubbard chain scenario p-wave instability nematic metallic state etc. are interesting possibilities. Self organized states we have presented in this paper could be easily affected by disorder and temperature. So we expect interesting phase transitions as a function of temperature and disorder. As there is a spontaneous translation and orientational symmetry breaking associated with the self organization interesting topological defects, induced charges are possible. To test our theory it will be interesting to look for signals for enhanced antiferromagnetic (spin singlet) correlations in neutron and NMR experiments. Electronic coupling between two Bi-S layers in the BiS2 bilayers [40], in our theory, could play important role in stabilizing different generalized Wigner crystals and their quantum melting properties. This needs to be investigated. Instability towards the two phases we have talked about can also be justified using a weak coupling approach and a proper use of Umklapp electron pair scattering. They help build Mott localized spin singlet pairs [66]. Our self organized Wigner crystal that supports doped Mott Hubbard chains or sheets is different from the stripes one sees in underdoped cuprates and other Mott insulator based systems [67]. We organize strongly correlated systems starting from a fermi sea in a doped band insulator. Whereas stripe states in cuprates are reorganizations of an underlying Mott insulator after doping. Electron phonon interaction will play very important role for small value of x. It is likely to stabilize isolated or islands, or even ordered arrays of Bi-S-Bi diagonal valence bonds. In the superconducting state, where valence bonds are delocalized, it is likely to play less important role. We hope to presemt, in a future publication, a general theory of RVB states in doped band insulators from Coulomb forces and apply to other systems [2-8], HfNCl, WO3, diamond, Bi2Se3 families, STO/LAO interface, gate doped SrTiO3, MoS2 etc., alluded to at the beginning. X. SUMMARY In this article we discussed the puzzling phenomenology of the BiS2 layered family of superconductors and have suggest that they point towards a mechanism of superconductivity that is based on electron-electron repulsion. Our main point is that utilizing the two fold orbital degeneracy at the fermi level and unscreened nearest neighbor coulomb repulsion, doped electrons get self organized into arrays of doped Mott chains or a quantum liquid or isotropic 2d RVB staates. We have called them Wigner crystal supported RVB states. Superconductivity, within our theory, can be either isotropic 2d or anisotropic 2d Kosterlitz-Thouless state. In the isotropic (melted Wigner crystal) scenario order parameter symmetry is a gapful dxy symmetry; in the anisotropic (doped Mott Hubbard chain array) scenario we have a gapful extended-S symmetry. We made an accurate estimate of energy of the vatiational state, using known exact results from Lieb and Wu for 1d repulsive Hubbard model. Rest of the conclusions, including a possible second phase containing plaquette bond resonances logically follow from this starting point. Our work at the moment is semi quantitative and suggestive. It needs to be addressed more quantitatively. The novel scenario and a theory we have presented, that emphasizes importance of unscreened coulomb interactions in doped band insulators, is encouraging from the point of reaching higher superconducting Tc's in this s-p, non transition metal based system. We hope it will raise debates, initiate further work and be of assistance to experimentalists to engineer synthesize of new members of the family, having reduced competing orders and higher superconducting Tc.