In this review article, we have surveyed the features of the BiCh2 based superconductors from a theoretical point of view. The BiCh2 based superconductors are a group of layered superconductors constructed from the pyramidal BiCh2 bilayers, and blocking layers having tetragonal structure. In 1112 systems, the electrons can be doped into the BiCh plane with fluorine substitution for oxygen. The conduction bands consist of the p orbitals within the BiCh plane. The conduction bands and the Fermi surface therefore have one dimensional nature with small hoppings along the vertical directions. The irreducible susceptibility is enhanced along the (q, q,0) line due to the Fermi surface nesting and its one dimensional nature. The calculated phonon dispersion in the tetragonal lattice structure also shows the soft phonon modes along the (q, q,0) line. This indicates the presence of strong electron-phonon coupling in these materials. The first principles electronic band calculation results are overall in good agreement with the ARPES experiment, suggesting absence of strong electron correlation as in the 3d-based layered superconductors. On the other hand, there do exist some discrepancies between theory and experiment, whose origin remains to be clarified. The pairing mechanism has been studied in the context of both conventional and unconventional scenarios. Tc values comparable to the experimental observations have been obtained within the phonon-mediated pairing owing to the strong electron-phonon coupling. As for the unconventional pairing, the weak coupling spin-fluctuation calculations omitting the spin-orbit coupling predicts nodal gap functions, while a fully gapped s-wave state is obtained for the J1-J2 local spin model. In a model with spin-orbit coupling, a functional renormalization group study predicts a d*x2-y2-wave pairing, which belongs to the category of the weak topological superconductivity. In this pairing, the triplet and the singlet pairing components are mixed, and the order parameter changes its sign between the disconnected Fermi surfaces. Experimental results also suggest the possibility of charge-fluctuation-mediated superconductivity. As surveyed in this review, the BiCh2 based superconductors have interesting features, such as the one dimensional nature of the electronic bands and the Fermi surface nesting, strong electron-phonon coupling, and the strong spin-orbit coupling, which may be entangled in a complex manner. The issue of the pairing mechanism and the pairing symmetry should be closely related to these features. In order to have better understanding on these issues, further theoretical as well as experimental studies are