The Ce-doping effect on the valence state and local atomic displacement in the EuBiS2F system is investigated by using XAS measurements. First of all, the valence of Eu ions in EuBiS2F is estimated to be about +2.16(1), demonstrating the self-electron-doping nature without any extrinsic doping. Upon 50 at.% Ce-doping, the mean valence of Eu reduces to +2.05(1) and that of Ce ions are essentially trivalent. The main effect of Ce-doping is to provide additional 17% electrons into the system, beneficial for the superconductivity enhancement. The local atomic displacements can be revealed by Eu and Bi L3-edge EXAFS: 1) the in-plane Bi-S1 distance is characterized by a large configurational disorder in EuBiS2F-based system, which is quite common in BiS2-based superconductors; 2) both the shortening of the in-plane Bi-S1 bond (i. e. a higher in-plane chemical pressure) and the flatter Bi-S1 plane are responsible for an enhancement of superconductivity. In summary, we established a relationship between Ce-doping and the Tc enhancement in EuBiS2F-based superconductors, in terms of valence changes and nanoscale atomic displacements. The new findings are promising for providing insights on the interplay of charge, local structure and superconductivity. Methods Polycrystalline compounds of EuBiS2F and Eu0.5Ce0.5BiS2F were synthesized by solid-state reaction method13,15. The samples were well characterized for their phase purity, superconducting and other properties prior to the XAS measurements. The XAS spectra were collected at the BL-14W1 beamline of Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility (SSRF). The storage ring was working at electron energy of 3.5 GeV, and the maximum stored current was about 250mA. The energy of the incident energy was tuned by scanning a Si (111) double crystal monochromator with energy resolution about 10-4. The XAS spectra at Ce L3-edge, Eu L3-edge, and Bi L3-edge were collected with several scans in transmission mode at room temperature. Data reduction was performed using the IFEFFIT program package34.