Lastly, we discuss the SC gap symmetry of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe. Our measurements of Ce(T, H) suggest that a single SC gap is fully opened. µSR measurements of LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 show multiple SC gap. Specific heat measurement is insensitive to light bands, because Ce(T )/T at low temperatures is proportional to N(E). It is likely that contribution from minor bands, which is not detected from specific heat can be seen in µSR measurements. Theoretically, the candidates of SC gap symmetry are proposed as follows: the conventional swave, spin triplet p, and d-wave symmetries. Although specific heat measurements imply that the superconductivity is fully gapped, d-wave symmetry can be realized in the disconnect Fermi surfaces. The Fermi surface of the Se-doped compound is not elucidated at this stage. Assuming that the Fermi surface of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe contains disconnected small electron pockets at the Brillouin Zone boundary, such as the under doped Nd(O, F)BiS2, dxy symmetry is ruled out and dx2-y2 symmetry can be realized. In addition, in the case of an increase in the Sedoped value, which changes into the Fermi surface with hole pockets around the Γ point, s± symmetry can be realized. However, the emergence of unconventional superconductivity with sign reversal change is unlikely. Mean free path ℓab is calculated from ℓab = µ0vab F λ2 ab(0)/ρ0. Fermi velocity vF is estimated to be 0.11 × 106 m/s by using the relationship ξab = 0.18(ℏvab F /kBTc). We obtain ℓab ∼10 nm, which is clearly shorter than ξab. The result suggests that superconductivity is in dirty limit. As superconductivity with sign-reversal change is very sensitive to impurity scattering, it is likely that nodal d-wave state cannot be realized in the Se-doped compound. In the case of s±-wave state seen in Fe-based superconductors, the robustness against the impurities should be proved in a more complete way, because simple substitution effect could be insufficient to reveal signreversal change in SC gap. Since distinct multi-gap feature can be detected from specific heat measurements of the Fe-based superconductors[34, 35], the effective mass of minor bands is significantly large. However, singlegap structure detected in the Ce(T, H) measurements of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe indicates that the mass of the minor bands is negligible. Therefore, we suggest that the swave structure can be the best candidate for the SC-gap symmetry of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe. IV. CONCLUSIONS In conclusion, to confirm bulk superconductivity and reveal the SC-gap symmetry of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe, specific heat measurements were performed using a hand-made sensitive calorimeter. Specific heat measurement shows that superconductivity of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe is of bulk nature. A large specific heat jump (∆Ce/γTc = 2.31) shows strong electron-phonon coupling. 2∆(0)/kBTc obtained from the T -dependence of the electronic specific heat Ce(T ) below Tc is 4.5, and suggests strong electron- phonon coupling. The value is much smaller than that obtained from STM measurements (2∆/kBTc ∼17)[14]. T - and H-dependences of the specific heat measurements imply that superconductivity of LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe is fully gapped. These results are consistent with the s-wave symmetry proposed for the SC state of BiS2-based superconductors.