Since the discovery of superconductivity in the BiS2-based layered compounds Bi4O4S3 and LaO1-xFxBiS2, much efforts have been made toward the material development and clarification of the mechanisms of superconductivity. In addition, for the BiS2-related compounds, the functional properties of thermoelectric, spin, optical, and photocatalytic materials have also been investigated in related compounds. As summarized in Fig. 1 and Table I, various types of crystal structure and compositions have been investigated. The crystal structure of the BiS2-based compounds is composed of alternately stacked BiS2 conducting (superconducting) layers and blocking (insulating) layers such as LaO or EuF. The stacking structure is similar to those of the cuprate and Fe-based superconductors. A low-dimensional electronic structure is realized, and the electronic and structural properties can be easily manipulated by element substitution and/or pressure effects, which is the merit of layered systems. The parent phase of BiS2-based superconductors is an insulator with a band gap. Since the conduction band is composed of Bi 6p orbitals hybridized with S 3p, electron doping is required to obtain a metallic character. For example, electron-doped LaO1-xFxBiS2 shows superconductivity, but the superconducting states for the as-grown sample of LaO1xFxBiS2 are not bulk in nature. To induce bulk superconductivity, the optimization of the local crystal structure is important. High pressure can stabilize the monoclinic structure of LaO1-xFxBiS2 and induces bulk superconductivity. In addition, the chemical pressure effect by RE substitution or Se substitution can also induce bulk superconductivity in REO1-xFxBiCh2. The in-plane chemical pressure is universally essential for the emergence of bulk superconductivity in the BiS2-based systems. The in-plane chemical pressure suppresses the in-plane disorder of S atoms, which intrinsically exists in the BiS2-based compounds. Now, we know a method of inducing bulk superconductivity by carrier doping and structural optimization. Therefore, the next stage is the complete understanding of the mechanisms of superconductivity in the BiS2-based family. There are still contradictory results on the mechanisms. Further measurements on well-designed compositions with various probes and integrated discussion are required. Finally, let us mention the possibility of a higher Tc in the BiS2-based systems. As shown in Fig. 4(b), small signals with a higher Tc (higher than the bulk Tc) have been observed in some compounds. In addition, as reported by Liu et al., giant superconducting fluctuations were observed from STS. Therefore, further material development is required. We believe that a high Tc can be obtained by realizing the optimized condition (possibly extremely compressed local Bi-S bonding).