In this section, we discuss the relationship between external pressure effects, chemical pressure effects, and evolution of superconductivity in Sr0.5RE0.5FBiS2. On comparing the evolutions of superconductivity for RE = Ce-Sm and that for RE = La, a slight decrease in Tc for the low-P phase was observed with increasing pressure for the RE = Ce, Pr, Nd and, Sm samples. This deviation in the behaviour might be explained by the effect of coexistence of both the external as well as chemical pressures25. Moreover, we observed that the Tc of the high-P phase varied slightly with the RE ionic radius. On the contrary, the Pc for the high-P phase increased with decreasing RE ionic radius. Specifically, assuming a coordination number of 8, Pc was roughly estimated as 0.95, 1.11, 1.17, and 1.33 GPa for La3+ (with an ionic radius of 1.16 Å), Ce3+ (with an ionic radius of 1.14 Å), Pr3+ (with an ionic radius of 1.13 Å), and Nd3+ (with an ionic radius of 1.11 Å), respectively. The tendency of the increase in Pc and the decrease in Tc with a decrease in RE ionic radius was also observed for REO0.5F0.5BiS2 compounds38,39,40; specifically, the Tc varied from approximately 10 K to 6 K, and a significantly higher Pc was required with decreasing RE ionic radius. These observations highlight the relationship between the structural transition to monoclinic and the packing density in the BiS2 conducting layers34. It is possible that the larger space along the BiS conduction plane with a larger RE ionic radius possibly transmits the pressure, thereby inducing structural transition. As shown in Fig. 6, Tcmag of all samples for the low- and high-P phases were plotted with respect to the lattice constant a. Tc of the high-P phase was defined as the highest Tc for the range of applied pressures, whereas Tc of the low-P phase was defined as the value of Tc when the applied pressure is lower than the pressure for the emergency of the high-P phase. A slightly increasing trend in Tc was observed for both lowand high-P phases with increasing lattice constant a estimated under an ambient pressure. Fig. 7 (a) presents the X-ray diffraction patterns of Sr0.5La0.5FBiS2 at room temperature under various applied pressures of up to 3.4 GPa. Shifts of the (001) and (004) peaks to higher angles clearly indicate the shrinkage of the lattice along the c-axis due to the pressure. In contrast, a relatively smaller shift of the (110) peak was detected, which indicates that the in-plane size remains almost unchanged. Strong peak broadening was observed for the (200) peak above 1.1 GPa, indicating peak splitting due to the lowering of in-plane structural symmetry. Similar peak splitting on the (200) peak was observed for isostructural LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 and EuFBiS2 samples under high pressure34,35,41, and a resultant structural transition from a tetragonal to monoclinic phase was detected. We noticed that the (200) peak asymmetrically split into two or more peaks, as depicted in Fig. 7 (b). This may be due to the inhomogeneity of applied pressure and the flexible nature of the in-plane structure of BiS2-based compounds. The critical pressure of 1.1 GPa estimated from the XRD corresponds satisfactorily with the Pc estimated from the magnetization measurements. Conclusion Herein, we report on the results of the crystal structure, resistivity, and magnetic susceptibility under pressure for (Sr, RE)FBiS2 (RE: La, Ce, Pr, Nd, and Sm). The effects of external pressure on magnetization resulted in abrupt increments in Tc up to 10-10.8 K, for samples with RE = La, Ce, Pr, and Nd. Based on analyses of the shielding volume fraction estimated via magnetic susceptibility measurements, we found that two bulk superconductivity phases (low-P and high-P phases) existed for (Sr, RE)FBiS2. The common features were that the bulk low-P phase was induced by external pressure, whereas the bulk high-P phase was induced at pressures exceeding a critical pressure. Moreover, at the critical pressure, Tc sharply increased to the high-P phase as our experiment shifted to higher pressures with decreasing RE ionic radius; this implied that both the external as well as chemical pressures were affecting Tc. In addition, we investigated the variations in the crystal structure under pressure. By analysing the splitting of the (200) peak, we concluded that the high-P phase was a monoclinic structure. Various bulk superconducting phases with different space group induced via external pressure effects in (Sr, RE)FBiS2 need to be further investigated in order to elucidate the mechanisms of superconductivity in BiCh2-based systems. Methods Polycrystalline Sr0.5RE0.5FBiS (RE: La, Ce, Pr, Nd, and Sm) samples were synthesized by solid state reaction method in an evacuated quartz tube. Powders of RE2S3(RE: La (99.9%), Ce (99.9%), Pr (99%), Nd (99%), and Sm (99.9%)), SrF2 (99%), Bi (99.999%), and S (99.9999%) were weighed for Sr0.5RE0.5FBiS2. The mixed powder was subsequently pelletized, sintered in an evacuated quartz tube at 700oC for 20 hours, followed by furnace cooling to room temperature. The obtained compounds were thoroughly mixed and ground, then sintered in the same conditions at the first sintering. The phase purity and the crystal structure of the Sr1-xRExFBiS2 (RE: La, Ce, Pr, Nd, and Sm) samples were examined by powder synchrotron XRD with an energy of 25 keV (λ = 0.49657 Å) at the beamline BL02B2 of SPring-8 under a proposal No. 2019A1101. The synchrotron XRD experiments were performed at room temperature with a sample rotator system, and the diffraction data were collected using a high-resolution one-dimensional semiconductor detector MYTHEN [Multiple mythen system] with a step of 2θ = 0.006o. To investigate the crystal structure of Sr0.5La0.5FBiS2, XRD experiments under high pressure up to 3.4 GPa were performed at room temperature using a Mo-Kα radiation on a Rigaku (MicroMax-007HF) rotating anode generator equipped with a 100 µm collimator. Daphne was used as a pressure medium. The crystal structure parameters were refined using the Rietveld method with a RIETAN-FP software36. The actual compositions of the obtained samples were analyzed using an energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) on TM-3030 (Hitachi). The temperature dependence of magnetic susceptibility at ambient pressure and under high pressures were measured using a superconducting quantum interference devise (SQUID) with MPMS3 (Quantum Design). Hydrostatic pressures were generated by the MPMS high pressure Capsule Cell. The sample was immersed in a pressure transmitting medium (Daphene 7373) covered with a Teflon cell. The pressure at low temperature was calibrated from the superconducting transition temperature of Pb manometer. The electrical resistivity was measured on a GM refrigerator system (Made by Axis) using a conventional four-probe method. For the resistivity measurements, gold wires were connected to the samples with a silver paste.