As summarised in Fig. 1, isotope effect suggesting the importance of phonon was observed for the high-P phase of (Sr, La)FBiS2, whereas unconventional isotope effects were observed in La(O, F)BiSSe and Bi4O4S326,27. Although there are some possible factors, which could affect isotope effect, other than pairing states32, we consider that the observed difference in isotope effect is essentially caused by the different pairing states between those systems. The reason for proposing the scenario is the recent observation of nematic superconductivity in La(O, F)BiSSe33,34; nematic superconductivity has been observed in unconventional superconductors like Fe-based and Bi2Se3-based superconductors35,36. Since nematic superconductivity emerges in both LaO0.9F0.1BiSSe (tetragonal) and LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe (tetragonal) with different carrier concentrations but with comparable structures of the BiSSe conducting layer, unconventional pairing states would commonly present in tetragonal BiCh2-based superconductors with a tetragonal symmetry without structural distortion or local disorder. In contrast, nematic superconductivity was not observed in Nd(O, F)BiS237, which is also tetragonal but has larger local structural disorder than La(O, F)BiSSe11,17,19. These facts suggest the importance of structural symmetry in the conducting layers and would support our scenario suggested in this article. Here, we discuss the possible differences in electronic states and pairing states between tetragonal and monoclinic phases. The high-P phase of (Sr, La)FBiS2 has a monoclinic structure and a distorted in-plane structure in the BiS2 layers30. In contrast, La(O, F)BiSSe and Bi4O4S3 have tetragonal structures, in which the square Bi-Ch network forms a superconducting plane. Although the low-P phase of (Sr, La)FBiS2 is tetragonal, same as for La(O, F)BiSSe and Bi4O4S3, bulk superconductivity is not observed at ambient pressure because of insufficient in-plane chemical pressure17-19,30. In the low pressure range, bulk superconductivity is induced, but the determination of Tc is difficult because there are two possible superconducting transitions of the manometer (Pb) and the high-P phase. Based on the isotope effects in the high-P phase of (Sr, La)FBiS2, La(O, F)BiSSe, and Bi4O4S3, we suggest that structural symmetry breaking in the superconducting BiCh2 layer is an essential factor in the switching of the isotope effect from unconventional to conventional. We calculated the band structures of (Sr, La)FBiS2 and La(O, F)BiSSe (see