Here we report that NdO1-xFxBiS2 (x = 0.37 and 0.3) develops a CDW, a long-sought structural ground state in the BiS2-based superconductors that coexist with superconductivity. The origin of a CDW is an interesting and often challenging question. It can be from FSN as in simple Pierels system, q-dependent electron-phonon coupling as in some TMDC, or electron-electron correlation in cuprates55. While the QCDW seems to be far from the FSN vectors known so far, electron-phonon coupling calculations were not successful to predict the wavevector yet. More careful studies considering the interlayer couplings and even electronic correlations could be required. The discrepancy between the calculations and measurements might be from the structural instability to the monoclinic phase in the BiS2-based system. At high pressure, LaO1-xFxBiS2 undergoes a structural phase transition to P21/m and yields higher Tc28. According to the first-principle calculations, in the monoclinic phase, the magnitude of the interlayer hopping becomes much larger stabilizing the electronic state56,57. Our intensity map at (H, K, 0) in the Supplementary show that the xray reflections no longer satisfy the P4/nmm extinction conditions, probably due to a monoclinic phase transition as observed in some other BiS2-based systems58. The enhanced interlayer hopping in the monoclinic structure, therefore, can be responsible for the L-dependence of our CDW wavevector. We claim that the interlayer coupling overlooked so far in the phonon and band calculations can be essential to properly describe the electron-phonon coupling, FSN, CDW, and the nature of superconductivity in BiS2-based superconductors. Lastly, the role of CDW in superconductivity has been an active research subject since Fr¨ohlich tried to explain superconductivity with sliding of CDW, a concept conceived even before BCS formalism59. While there is accumulating evidence that a CDW could be a ubiquitous phase in unconventional superconductors23,24, the relation with superconductivity remains elusive. Here, we suggested that the charge density wave and superconductivity might be in competition while coexisting over a certain doping range in the phase diagram. Like lattice vibrations in a conventional superconductor, charge/orbital fluctuation near the quantum critical point is argued to be capable of mediating superconductivity. Considering the absence of momentum- and temperature- dependent anomalies in the phonon spectrum across Tc, we cannot exclude the unconventional pairing mechanism. The study on the interplay between CDW and superconductivity in BiS2-based superconductors, by changing external perturbations like doping or pressure will be a fascinating topic that requires lots of future attention. V. CONCLUSION In summary, we found an intrinsic and long-range CDW phase in a NdO1-xFxBiS2 (x = 0.37 and 0.3) superconductor by x-ray diffraction measurements. The CDW wavevector is QCDW ≈(0.17, 0.17, 0.5) with clear L-dependence and the atomic displacements are transverse and in diagonal directions. The wavevector does not match theoretical estimations from phonon softening or FSN and therefore places an important constraint on forthcoming studies. We measured TDS across the Tc and could not find meaningful q- and T- dependent changes.