4-1. Correlation between superconductivity and anharmonicity According to BCS theory, a high phonon energy is preferred for a higher Tc, as revealed in MgB2 [45] and hydride superconductors [46-48]. The target system of this study is BiCh2-based compounds, in which the Bi p electrons contribute to electronic conduction and, hence, superconducting pairing. Because of the heavy Bi atoms, a high phonon energy cannot be expected in BiCh2-based compounds, and a theoretical study suggested that several-K Tc in tetragonal RE(O, F)BiS2 cannot be understood using conventional phonon-mediated models [25]. In addition, the absence of isotope effects on the S or Se sites has been confirmed in tetragonal Bi4O4S3 and La(O, F)BiSSe [16,18]. Therefore, the pairing mechanisms of superconductivity in tetragonal BiCh2-based compounds are different from conventional phonon-mediated weak-coupling superconductivity. Here, we discuss the relationship between the anharmonic atomic vibrations and superconductivity in BiCh2-based compounds. In caged compounds, the increase in anharmonicity in the rattling mode (low-energy optical-phonon mode) results in the enhancement of strong-coupling superconductivity and an increase in Tc [33,49]. If the pairing in BiCh2-based systems is mediated by the rattling of Bi, the absence of the isotope effect for the S or Se sites can be explained. In Fig. 6, Tcs of LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex and REO0.5F0.5BiS2 (RE = Pr, Nd) are plotted as functions of γG. As mentioned above, no clear correlation between Tc and γG was observed for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex, which could be due to the constant γG at x = 0.4-1.0. However, we find that Tc increases with increasing γG for Se-free and Se-poor samples, as highlighted by the green curve in Fig. 6, after the addition of the data points of REO0.5F0.5BiS2. Here, we excluded x = 0 because the susceptibility does not show bulk superconductivity signals. What is the origin of the large γG, which suggests large anharmonicity in the system? We consider that the onedimensional rattling-like vibrations of Bi atoms along the c-axis contribute to their anharmonicity. Indeed, the softening of these rattling modes was detected using γG in thermoelectric LaOBi(S, Se)2 [29,32]. Therefore, the increase in γG in superconducting REO0.5F0.5BiCh2 with Se-poor compositions is possibly linked to softening of the low-energy phonon mode of Bi in the BiCh2 layers. In the current work, we cannot clarify the cause of the deviation in the data points for the Se-rich samples in Fig. 6, but it would be related to the changes in superconducting states (and/or the influence of anharmonicity on superconductivity) because Se substitution at the Ch1 site largely modifies the chemical bonding and electronic states [10,15]. In addition, we discuss possible changes in characteristics of anharmonic vibration by Se substitution. 4-2. Low-energy phonons Because the discussion above assumes an anharmonic rattling-like vibration in superconducting REO0.5F0.5BiCh2, we examined the presence of low-energy optical phonons in these samples using the specific heat. We performed low-temperature specific heat measurements for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex and LaOBiS2-ySey (thermoelectric phase). In materials with low-energy optical phonons, a peak is expected in the plot at a temperature corresponding to approximately a fifth of the phonon energy [50,51]. Because the phonon energy observed in inelastic neutron scattering (INS) is 6-7 meV for LaOBiS2-ySey [32], we expected a peak at approximately 12-14 K. As shown in Fig. S8(a) (Supplemental Materials [43]), the specific heat analysis results for LaOBiS2-ySey confirmed the evolution of a peak structure and the softening of the optical phonon [decrease in peak temperature (Tp)] by Se substitution, which is consistent with the INS results [32]. The analysis results for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex are summarized in Fig. 7(a), where (C-γT)/T3 is plotted as functions of temperature. Similar peaks were observed at 12.4-13.1 K for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex. The peak temperatures were determined by taking the temperature differential of the polynomial-fitting results. The peaks are evidence of low-energy phonon modes in superconducting LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex. In addition, the peak temperatures for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex are clearly lower than Tp = 14.0 K for LaOBiS2 (y = 0) [see Fig. S8(b)], implying the enhanced anharmonicity by F substitution. Based on the difference in γG, we expected a lower Tp at x = 0.8 than that at x = 0.2, but the obtained results did not corroborate this expectation. Although we have no explanation for this trend, one possible cause is the difference in local structural disorder in samples with lower in-plane CP (e. g., at x = 0 and 0.2). The change in local structure may affect Tp. Furthermore, from Fig. 7(b), we find that the optical phonon energy decreases with Se substitution for x ≤ 0.4, but it increases for further Se substitution for x = 0.6-1.0. However, we noticed that the contributions of optical phonon in (C-γT)/T3 is large at x = 0.8 and 1.0. The large (C-γT)/T3 values than β (see Table I) is linked to the enhanced anharmonicity as revealed in Ref. 51. Therefore, the weak hardening at x = 0.6- 1.0 would be related to the changes in the shape of the interatomic potential and/or optical phonon characteristics. The results on γG and (C-γT)/T3 would be suggesting the importance of anharmonicity on superconductivity in LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex. To further understand the correlation between superconductivity and anharmonicity (rattling-like Bi vibration) in BiCh2based superconductors, further studies using various probes, including INS, are required. 5. Conclusion Polycrystalline samples of LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex were synthesized. Using magnetic susceptibility and specific heat measurements, the superconducting properties of LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex were examined, and the Tc phase diagram obtained. To investigate the lattice anharmonicity, the Grüneisen parameter (γG) was calculated using the sample density; sound velocity; Debye temperature; and crystal structure parameters, including the volume thermal expansion coefficient and specific heat. A larger γG value was observed at x ≥ 0.4, at which Tc was higher than that at x = 0.2, and bulk superconductivity was observed. In addition, the discussion including REO0.5F0.5BiS2 (RE = Pr, Nd) showed that Tc increased with increasing γG for samples with Se-free and Se-poor compositions. The trend suggests positive correlation between anharmonicity and superconductivity in the Se-poor samples. However, the data for the Se-rich samples deviate from the γG-Tc correlation. These results imply that superconducting states and/or the influence of anharmonicity on superconductivity are different between the Sepoor and Se-rich phases of REO0.5F0.5BiCh2. To reveal the origin of the anharmonicity, we measured the specific heat and observed a peak in (C-γT)/T3 at 12.4-13.1 K for LaO0.5F0.5BiS2xSex. Those results suggest the importance of anharmonic vibration on superconductivity in LaO0.5F0.5BiS2-xSex.