we have investigated the transport properties for the BiCh2-based system LaO1xFxBiS2-ySey (x = 0.2 and 0.5, y = 0-1.05). The ab (T) behavior and RH (T) suggest the existence of unique localization sates. The localization behavior is systematically depressed with increasing Se concentration. MR measurements indicate that WAL is realized in the heavily Se-substituted systems. The WAL behavior is weakened by the changes in F and Se concentrations. A crossover state of WAL and WL emerges around moderately F-doped and Se-free LaO0.8F0.2BiS2. The change of the MC behavior by the F and Se substitution clearly correlates with the results of ab (T) and RH (T). Moreover, the localization regions of the WAL-WL crossover and weak WAL states are possibly associated with the CDW. On the basis of the results shown here, we propose that the BiCh2-based system is a good platform to study unique localization states, including WAL, and its relation to SOC, electronic ordering, and superconductivity by using the elemental substitution with bulk single crystals. Materials and Methods The single crystals of LaO1-xFxBiS2-ySey were prepared by a high-temperature flux method by using a mixture of CsCl and KCl (CsCl: KCl = 5:3) as flux [59, 60]. We first synthesized polycrystalline samples by a conventional solid-state-reaction method [34, 35]. The obtained polycrystalline samples (0.4 g) and the flux (5.0 g) were mixed by a mortar and sealed into evacuated quartz tubes. The tubes were kept at 950 C˚ for 10 hours and slowly cooled to 600 C˚ at a rate of -2 C˚/h. The heated tubes were opened in air and the obtained products were washed and filtered by pure water to remove the flux. The actual compositions of the obtained single crystals were estimated by energy-dispersive Xray spectroscopy (EDX) with a scanning electron microscope (SEM) TM-3030 (Hitachi High-Tech). The Se concentration y was estimated by the EDX. We use the nominal x-value in this study since the O and F concentration cannot be analyzed by the EDX due to their light mass. X-ray diffraction (XRD) was performed by a Miniflex600 (RIGAKU). The powder XRD patterns for polycrystalline samples were refined by the Rietveld analysis by using RIETAN-FP software [61] and the profiles for single crystalline samples were analyzed by PDIndexer software [62]. The lattice constants a and c for the polycrystalline and single crystals are displayed in SI Appendix, Fig. S1. The crystal structure image was prepared by VESTA [63]. The electrical resistivity, Hall resistivity, and magnetoresistance measurements on the singlecrystalline samples were performed by a conventional four-terminal method in a physical properties measurement system (PPMS, Quantum Design) and a GM refrigerator (AXIS). We performed first-principles band-structure calculation based on the density functional theory with the Perdew-Burke-Ernzerhof parametrization of the generalized gradient approximation [64] and the projector augmented wave (PAW) method [65] as implemented in the Vienna ab initio simulation package [66-69]. We used the experimental crystal structures determined by our experiment [70]. To represent the O0.5F0.5 occupation in LaO0.5F0.5BiS2 and LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe, one oxygen and one fluorine atom are placed in a 10-atom unit cell. For simplicity, we assumed that selenium atoms occupy inplane chalcogen sites in LaO0.5F0.5BiSSe. The core electrons in the PAW potential were [Kr]4d10 for La, [He] for O and F, [Xe]4f145d10 for Bi, [Ne] for S, and [Ar]3d10 for Se, respectively. The spin-orbit coupling was included. We took 500 eV of the cutoff energy for the wave function, a 14×14×4 k-mesh, and 0.15 eV of the Gaussian smearing width. ARPES measurements were performed at BL-9A in the Hiroshima Synchrotron Radiation Center (HiSOR) using a R4000 electron analyzer (Scienta Omicron) with p-polarized light. The total energy resolution was set to approximately 30 meV for hν = 30 eV. All samples were cleaved in-situ on the (001) plane in an ultrahigh vacuum of less than 5 × 10-9 Pa. All the measurements were performed at the same temperature of 13 K. The binding energies of the samples were determined by referencing the Fermi energy (EF) of gold electronically contacted with samples.