
Figure 5(a) shows the Tcs at ambient pressure and at ~2 GPa for various BiS2-based superconductors reported to date as a function of a-axis length.  The values of a-axis lengths are measured at room temperature and ambient pressure.  Tcs are determined by the onset of diamagnetic transition or zero resistivity.  In the doped samples, the Tc and a-axis length values are those of the optimally-doped ones.  (Sr,La)FBiS2 has the longest a-axis among these compounds.  In RE(O,F)BiS2, a-axis shrinks and Tc increases with increasing atomic number of RE from La to Nd.  The a-axis lengths of Bi2(O,F)S2 and Bi4O4S3 / Bi3O2S3, whose blocking layers contain fluorite-type BiO layers, are shorter than that of Nd(O,F)BiS2, although ionic radius (coordination number 6)27) of Bi is between Nd and Pr.  Tcs of BiS2-based superconductors under ambient pressure show a dome-like tendency with the top of Tc ~5.5 K at a ~3.98 Å in (Nd0.2Sm0.8)(O0.7F0.3)BiS2.  When a-axis in longer than ~4.0 Å, significant increase of Tc is observed in HP resistivity measurement.  In contrast, compounds with shorter a-axis lengths, Bi2(O,F)S2 and Bi4O4S3, show rapid decrease of Tc in HP resistivity measurement. The relation between lattice parameter and Tc for as-synthesized and HP annealed Bi2(O,F)S2 is summarized in Fig. 6.  In the optimally-doped samples with a- and c-axes longer than ~3.97 Å and shorter than ~13.73 Å, the value of Tc is maintained at ~5.1 K. In the underdoped samples, a-axis is shorter than ~3.97 Å and c-axis is longer than ~13.73 Å, and Tc increases as a- and c-axis expands and shrinks by HP anenaling.  Tcs for undoped Bi2OS2 sintered under high pressures are also in this trend.  It should be emphasized that in HP annealed / synthesized undoped Bi2OS2, superconductivity is achieved without intentional carrier doping.  In Bi2OS2, the Bi-S planes are not very flat, the in-plane S-Bi-S angle being 159.8°.  The expansion of a-axis may lead to flatter Bi-S plane.  In LaOBiS2, F-doping not only increases the carrier concentration but also flattens the buckling of the Bi–S plane and this structural transformation is also related to the appearance of superconductivity29). Similar phenomena would happen in the undoped and underdoped Bi2(O,F)S2 by HP annealing, which resulted in the increases of Tcs in these samples. The decrease of Tc in HP resistivity measurement might be explained by the tendency shown in Fig. 6(a).  In HP resistivity measurement, a-axis might shrink by applying high pressures at low temperatures, and superconductivity could be disappeared.  Structural analysis on Bi2(O,F)S2 under high pressures at low temperatures would provide fruitful information to clear this point. 

5. Conclusion 

   High pressure (HP) resistivity measurement and HP annealing were performed for a BiS2-based superconductor Bi2(O,F)S2, which caused different variation of Tc.  In HP 
resistivity measurement, Tc linearly decreased at the rate of -1.2 K GPa-1.  In contrast, by HP annealing at 2 GPa and 470°C, Tc increased in undoped and underdoped samples, and 
maintained at 5.1 K in optimally-doped sample. In HP resistivity measurement high pressure is applied in-situ at low temperatures, while HP annealing quenches the high pressure and high temperature phase to ambient pressure. Although in both cases hydrostatic high pressure is applied to the sample by a cubic-anvil-type apparatus, the difference between the two methods should be considered carefully.  HP annealing technique have been mainly developed on BiS2-based superconductors, but this method can cause unique effects on physical properties of various 
layered compounds. 
 