The X-ray diffraction patterns for x = 0–1 were refined using a tetragonal P4/nmm space group. For x = 0, 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6, fluoride impurities (BiF₃ and LaF₃) with populations of 4%, 4%, 5%, and 7% were found, respectively. For x = 0.8 and 1, small impurity peaks of the fluorides and unidentified broad peaks at 2θ = 6.2° and 9.3° were observed. Although the broad impurity peaks would be selenides because of the appearance at higher nominal concentration of Se, we could not refine the impurity phase. Figure 1 displays the typical synchrotron X-ray diffraction pattern and Rietveld refinement fitting result for x = 0.6. Assuming the major phase (x = 0.6) and two fluoride impurities, the diffraction pattern is well fitted, and the resulting reliability factor (Rwp) is 8%. With the obtained structural parameters, we discuss the evolution of crystal structure of Se-substituted Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₂₋ₓSeₓ. Figures 2(a) and 2(b) show the Se concentration dependences of lattice constant a and c. The lattice constant a monotonically increases with increasing x, whereas the lattice constant c does not change for x = 0–0.6 and slightly increases at x ≥ 0.8. These results are consistent with a previous study performed with a laboratory X-ray diffractometer [10] and suggest that Se selectively occupies the in-plane Ch1 site (see the inset of Fig. 1 for the definition of the Ch1 and Ch2 sites). Experimentally, we did not succeed in refining the Se occupancy at the Ch1 and Ch2 sites because the refinement yielded a small negative Se occupancy at the Ch2 site, which may indicate that almost 100% of Se occupies the in-plane Ch1 site. Therefore, the Rietveld refinements were carried out with fixed Se occupancy equal to the nominal values x. Figure 1 shows the X-ray diffraction pattern and Rietveld fitting using a three-phase (Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₁.₄Se₀.₆, BiF₃, and LaF₃) analysis method for Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₁.₄Se₀.₆ (x = 0.6). Figure 2(c) shows the Se concentration dependence of the Ch1–Bi–Ch1 bond angle, which decreases with increasing x, indicating that the flatness of the Bi–Ch1 plane deteriorates upon Se substitution. This tendency is consistent with the structural evolution observed in the sister system LaO₀.₅F₀.₅Bi(S,Se)₂ [11]. Figures 2(d)–2(f) show the in-plane Bi–Ch1 bond distance, Bi–Ch2 bond distance, and inter-plane Bi–Ch1 bond distance, respectively. The evolution of the in-plane Bi–Ch1 distance correlates with the lattice constant a, while changes in the Bi–Ch2 distance and the inter-plane Bi–Ch1 distance correlate with the lattice constant c. These direct correlations between local structural parameters and lattice constants further support the selective occupancy of Se at the in-plane Ch1 site. As demonstrated in Refs. 8 and 10, the in-plane chemical pressure (CP) was calculated using the obtained in-plane Bi–Ch1 distance and ionic radii according to the equation CP = (R_Bi + R_Ch)/(in-plane Bi–Ch1 distance), where R_Bi is the ionic radius of Bi²·⁵⁺ estimated from a previous single-crystal structural analysis of La(O,F)BiS₂ [15], and R_Ch (= 104.19 pm) is the average ionic radius at the Ch1 site calculated from the nominal x and the ionic radii of S (184 pm) and Se (198 pm). With increasing Se concentration, the in-plane chemical pressure increases. Although the in-plane Bi–Ch1 distance increases with Se substitution (Fig. 2(d)), the in-plane packing density also increases, enhancing the orbital overlap between Bi and Se. As proposed in Refs. 8 and 10, we confirm that enhancement of the in-plane chemical pressure is essential for the emergence of bulk superconductivity in this system. Finally, we discuss the evolution of in-plane disorder induced by Se substitution. One advantage of synchrotron X-ray diffraction is the precise determination of thermal factors, which provide information on structural disorder. Since superconductivity is induced in the Bi–Ch1 plane, Rietveld refinements were performed using anisotropic thermal factors for Bi and Ch1. Figure 2(h) shows the Se concentration dependence of the anisotropic thermal factor U₁₁ for in-plane Bi and Ch1 sites. The U₁₁ value for Bi shows no remarkable change with increasing x, whereas U₁₁ for Ch1 exhibits a strong x dependence, decreasing with increasing Se concentration, which indicates suppression of in-plane disorder by Se substitution. In BiS₂-based compounds, large in-plane disorder has been widely observed using neutron diffraction, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray absorption spectroscopy [16–20]. We propose that the effect of in-plane chemical pressure on the emergence of superconductivity in Se-substituted Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₂₋ₓSeₓ is the suppression of in-plane disorder. This interpretation is consistent with extended X-ray absorption fine structure studies on BiS₂ compounds, where enhancement of the in-plane Bi–S1 bond intensity was observed due to in-plane chemical pressure generated by small rare-earth substitution in REO₀.₅F₀.₅BiS₂ [8,20]. Based on the present structural study of Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₂₋ₓSeₓ, we propose a relationship between local in-plane disorder, in-plane chemical pressure, and the emergence of superconductivity in the BiCh₂-based superconductor family, although further local-scale and/or single-crystal structural studies are required for confirmation. Fig. 2 summarizes the Se concentration dependences of the structural parameters for Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₂₋ₓSeₓ: (a) lattice constant a, (b) lattice constant c, (c) Ch1–Bi–Ch1 bond angle, (d) in-plane Bi–Ch1 bond distance, (e) Bi–Ch2 bond distance, (f) inter-plane Bi–Ch1 bond distance, (g) in-plane chemical pressure, and (h) anisotropic thermal factor U₁₁ for in-plane Bi and Ch1 sites. In summary, synchrotron X-ray powder diffraction was performed for the BiS₂-based superconductor Eu₀.₅La₀.₅FBiS₂₋ₓSeₓ, in which bulk superconductivity is induced by Se substitution. The obtained structural parameters reveal four key tendencies: selective Se occupancy at the in-plane Ch1 site, direct correlation between Bi–Ch bond distances and lattice constants, enhancement of in-plane chemical pressure, and suppression of in-plane disorder by Se substitution, providing insight into the relationship between superconductivity and crystal structure in the BiCh₂-based superconductor family.